.Dd Jul 10, 2025
.Dt R2R 1
.Sh NAME
.Nm r2r
.Nd radare2 regression testsuite
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm r2r
.Op Fl 1qvVnLiHh
.Op Fl C Ar dir
.Op Fl F Ar dir
.Op Fl f Ar file
.Op Fl o Ar file
.Op Fl s Ar test
.Op Fl S Ar percent
.Op Fl t Ar seconds
.Op Fl j Ar threads
.Op Fl u
.Op Fl g
.Op Ar test file/dir | @test-type
.Sh DESCRIPTION
r2r is a command-line regression testing framework for Radare2 and its third-party plugins.
.Pp
It automates the discovery and execution of diverse test suites—including unit tests, JSON validations, fuzz tests, and architecture-specific checks—to ensure that code changes do not introduce regressions.
.Pp
r2r supports parallel test execution, interactive failure handling, custom timeouts, and filtering of tests by type or name. It integrates seamlessly into continuous integration workflows or can be used locally, and requires only that Radare2 be installed and available in the system PATH.
.Sh OPTIONS
.Bl -tag -width Fl
.It Fl 1
Run tests in a single thread (same as -j 1)
.It Fl C Ar dir
Chdir before running r2r (default follows executable symlink + test/new)
.It Fl F Ar dir
Run fuzz tests (open and default analysis) on all files in the given dir
.It Fl L
Log mode (better printing for CI, logfiles, etc.)
.It Fl V
Verbose
.It Fl f Ar file
File to use for json tests (default is bins/elf/crackme0x00b)
.It Fl g
Run the tests specified via '// R2R' comments in modified source files
.It Fl h
Print help message
.It Fl H
Display environment variables
.It Fl i
Interactive mode
.It Fl j Ar threads
How many threads to use for running tests concurrently (default is 8)
.It Fl n
Do nothing (don't run any test, just load/parse them)
.It Fl o Ar file
Output test run information in JSON format to file
.It Fl q
Quiet (only show errors; suppress non-error output)
.It Fl s Ar test
Set R2R_SKIP_(TEST)=1 to skip running that test type
.It Fl S Ar percent
Set R2R_SHALLOW=N to skip a random percentage (0-100) of tests
.It Fl t Ar seconds
Timeout per test (default is 3600 seconds)
.It Fl u
Do not git pull/clone test/bins (See R2R_OFFLINE)
.It Fl v
Show version
.El
.Sh ENVIRONMENT
.Pp
.Bl -tag -width Fl
.It Ev R2R_SKIP_ARCHOS
Do not run the arch-os-specific tests
.It Ev R2R_SKIP_JSON
Do not run the JSON tests
.It Ev R2R_SKIP_FUZZ
Do not run the fuzz tests
.It Ev R2R_SKIP_UNIT
Do not run the unit tests
.It Ev R2R_SKIP_CMD
Do not run the cmd tests
.It Ev R2R_SKIP_ASM
Do not run the rasm2 tests
.It Ev R2R_JOBS
Maximum parallel jobs (default: 8)
.It Ev R2R_TIMEOUT
Timeout in seconds (default: 3600 seconds)
.It Ev R2R_OFFLINE
Same as passing -u flag
.It Ev R2R_SHALLOW
Skip 0-100% random tests
.El
.Sh USAGE
.Pp
Use the -n flag to not run any test. Just load them.
.Pp
  $ r2r -n
  [r2r] Loading tests...
.Pp
Run the tests contained in a directory interactively, if any of those tests fail to run, prompt the user to autofix, edit the commands, etc.
.Pp
  $ r2r -i test/db/cmd/cmd_pdf
.Pp
Run specific test types using @ notation:
.Pp
  $ r2r @asm       # Run assembly tests
  $ r2r @json      # Run JSON tests
  $ r2r @unit      # Run unit tests
  $ r2r @fuzz      # Run fuzz tests
  $ r2r @arch      # Run architecture-specific tests
  $ r2r @cmd       # Run command tests
.Sh CREATING TESTS
.Pp
r2r loads tests from files under
.Pa test/db
and infers the test type from the path:
.Bl -tag -width "test/db/asm/"
.It Pa test/db/asm/*
Parsed as ASM tests.
.It Pa test/db/json/*
Parsed as JSON tests.
.It Pa test/db/leak/*
Parsed as leak tests (command syntax, executed with Valgrind checks).
.It Other files
Parsed as command tests.
.El
.Pp
Command-style test files are
.Dq KEY=VALUE
records are terminated by
.Dq RUN
Every record is validated at load time.
.Pp
.Bd -literal
NAME=example
FILE=bins/elf/crackme
ARGS=-a x86 -b 64
CMDS=<<EOF
pd 1
EOF
EXPECT=<<EOF
...output...
EOF
RUN
.Ed
.Pp
.Dq NORUN
marks a pending record as incomplete, so it is ignored by the parser. Records are loaded only when terminated by
.Dq RUN
and otherwise treated as disabled.
.Sh TEST RULES
.Pp
Accepted command/leak test keys are handled by
.Li R2R_CMD_TEST_FOREACH_RECORD
in
.Pa binr/r2r/r2r.h
with the following accepted keys:
.Bl -tag -width "REGEXP_ERR"
.It Cm NAME
Optional identifier used for reporting.
.It Cm FILE
Optional file input for the r2 command. You can list multiple files on separate lines.
If omitted, stdin
.Dq -
is used.
.It Cm ARGS
Extra arguments passed directly to r2 before
.Dq -Qc
and the command block.
.It Cm REQUIRE
Skip condition string. Supported tokens are
.Dq gas , unix , windows , linux , arm , x86 .
Known host tokens are checked at run time; if unsupported, the test is skipped.
.It Cm REPEAT
Numeric repeat count.
The test command is executed that many times; only the last output is checked.
.It Cm TIMEOUT
Numeric timeout override for this test in seconds.
.It Cm SOURCE
Parsed and accepted for compatibility; no additional runtime behavior is wired in.
.It Cm CMDS
Required command block, passed as
.Dq -Qc <CMDS>
Multiline command blocks must use
.Dq <<EOF
with the closing token at the beginning of the line.
Single-line quoted values are not accepted.
.It Cm EXPECT
Exact expected stdout match.
.It Cm EXPECT_ERR
Exact expected stderr match.
.It Cm REGEXP_OUT
Extended-regex match against stdout.
.It Cm REGEXP_ERR
Extended-regex match against stderr.
.It Cm ENV
Semicolon-separated
.Dq KEY=VALUE
environment overrides.
Tokens missing
.Dq =
are ignored.
.It Cm BROKEN
Boolean (`0`/`1`) marking the test as expected-failing.
Failed broken tests are counted as broken instead of failed.
.It Cm SKIPONASAN
Boolean (`0`/`1`) to skip this test when built with ASAN.
.El
Boolean fields accept only
.Dq 1
or
.Dq 0
as values.
.Pp
A command/leak test is only accepted when:
.Bl -enum
.It
.Cm CMDS
is present.
.It
Either exact-output or regex-output assertions are present:
.Cm EXPECT
or
.Cm EXPECT_ERR
or
.Cm REGEXP_OUT
or
.Cm REGEXP_ERR
.El
Unknown keys cause parser failure.
.Pp
JSON tests load one command per non-empty, non-comment line from files under
.Pa test/db/json/* .
Empty lines and
.Dq #
lines are ignored.
If a line contains the word
.Dq BROKEN,
the test is marked broken.
.Pp
ASM tests are parsed line-by-line as
.Bd -literal
<modes> "<disassembly text>" <hexbytes>[ <offset>]
.Ed
.Dq a
enables assemble mode,
.Dq d
disassemble mode,
.Dq E
enables big-endian and
.Dq B
marks the case broken.
The filename selects architecture and optional CPU/bits via
.Dq arch[_cpu]_bits .
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Pp
.Xr radare2(1)
.Sh AUTHORS
.Pp
Written by pancake <pancake@nopcode.org>.
