.Dd October 27, 2010
.Dt RASC2 1
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm rasc2
.Nd Radare Shellcode helper utility
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm rasc2
.Op -cCxXtLV
.Op -A N
.Op -C N
.Op -E N
.Op -N N
.Op -a addr@off
.Op -s hexpair
.Op -i name
.Op -S file
.Op -l port
.Sh DESCRIPTION
rasc2 implements the most common practices to generate shellcodes with paddings with 0x41's ('A'), nops, breakpoints or enumerations (00 01 02 03 ..).
.Pp
rasc2 can serve a syscall proxy at a specified port with -l [port]
.Pp
There's an hardcoded database of common used shellcodes that can be listed with -L. Use -i to specify which want you want to use.
.Pp
The output can be raw or in hexpairs (-x) or C array (-c).
.Pp
Use -X to inline execute the specified. (useful for testing)
.Pp
To specify the 
.Bl -tag -width Fl
.It Fl A|-C|-E|-N Ar count
Specify the number of 'A's, breakpoints, enumerations and nops to be prefixed to the shellcode.
.It Fl a Ar addr@off
Set the return address at a specified offset inside the resulting shellcode
.It Fl s Ar 'hexpair'
Set the shellcode in hexpair format. For example (-s '01 02 03')
.It Fl l Ar port
Listen a syscall proxy server at a specified port.
.It Fl L
List all hardcoded shellcodes
.It Fl c
Show output in C array format
.It Fl x
Show output in hexpairs format
.It Fl X
Execute resulting shellcode
.It Fl t
Performs some tests on the current platform
.It Fl h
Show usage help message.
.El
.Sh ENVIRONMENT
Some shellcodes can be modified using the environment variables CMD, HOST and PORT. See -L for more information.
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Pp
.Xr rahash2(1) ,
.Xr rafind(1) ,
.Xr radare2(1) ,
.Xr radiff2(1) ,
.Xr ranal2(1) ,
.Xr rabin2(1) ,
.Xr rasm2(1) ,
.Xr rax2(1) ,
.Xr rarc2(1) ,
.Xr rarc2-tool(1) ,
.Sh AUTHORS
.Pp
pancake <pancake@nopcode.org>
.Pp
