.Dd Jul 10, 2025
.Dt RAX2 1
.Sh NAME
.Nm rax2
.Nd radare base converter
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm rax2
.Op Fl abcCdDeEfFhHijkKnoqrsStuUvwxXzZ
.Op [expr] ...
.Sh DESCRIPTION
This command is part of the radare project.
.Pp
Rax2 is a powerful calculator within the Radare2 suite, primarily used for
numerical system conversions, encoding and decoding C strings, hexpairs, and
base64, essential for binary analysis and reverse engineering tasks.
.Pp
The most common numerical bases include binary (base 2) for direct machine code
interaction, hexadecimal (base 16) for memory addresses and compact data
representation, and decimal (base 10) for human-readable calculations and
interpretations.
.Sh OPTIONS
.Bl -tag -width Fl
.It Fl a
Show ASCII table
.It Fl b Ar base
Force output mode (numeric base)
.Pp
  f    floating point
  2    binary
  3    ternary
  8    octal
  10   decimal
  16   hexadecimal
.It Fl c
Show hexadecimal C string from integer value
.It Fl C
Dump stdin to C array in stdout (xxd replacement)
.It Fl d
Print the result in decimal (base 10)
.It Fl D
Decode the input data using base64
.It Fl e
Swap endianness
.It Fl E
Encode the input data using base64
.It Fl f
Interpret the input number as a 32bit dword and display it using IEEE 754
standard for floating point arithmetic
.It Fl F
Read C strings from stdin and output in hexpairs. Useful to load shellcodes
.It Fl h
Show usage help message
.It Fl H
Convert a string into a hash
.It Fl i
Convert LONG to/from IP ADDRESS
.It Fl j
Show the output in json format, the same as the r2 `?j 0x804` command
.It Fl k
Keep the same base as the input data
.It Fl K
Show randomart key asciiart for values or hexpairs
.It Fl n
Append newline to the decoded output for human friendliness
.It Fl o
Convert from octal string to char (rax2 -o 162 62)
.It Fl q
Be quiet. Show less information or drop the superfluous details in the output
.It Fl r
Show the same output as the r2's `? 0x804` command.
When combined with -S (-rS) it will print r2 commands to write the actual binary into radare2
.It Fl s
Convert from hex pairs string to character (rax2 \-s 43 4a 50)
.It Fl S
Convert from character to hex string (rax2 \-S C J P)
.It Fl t
Convert epoch timestamp to human readable date format
.It Fl u
Convert given value to human readable units format
.It Fl v
Show version information
.It Fl w
Display the result as 16bit signed integer value
.It Fl x
Show hexpairs from integer value
.It Fl X
Convert a bit stream (an arbitrary sequence of 0 and 1 of any length) to
hexadecimal. The result can be larger than 64bits
.It Fl z
Convert from character string to binary (rax2 \-z hello)
.It Fl Z
Convert from binary string to string (rax2 \-Z 01000101)
.El
.Sh USAGE
Available variable types are:
.Pp
  int       \->  hex           rax2 10
  hex       \->  int           rax2 0xa
  \-int      \->  hex           rax2 \-77
  \-hex      \->  int           rax2 0xffffffb3
  int       \->  bin           rax2 b30
  int       \->  ternary       rax2 t42
  bin       \->  int           rax2 1010d
  ternary   \->  int           rax2 1010dt
  float     \->  hex           rax2 3.33f
  hex       \->  float         rax2 Fx40551ed8
  oct       \->  hex           rax2 35o
  hex       \->  oct           rax2 Ox12 (O is a letter)
  bin       \->  hex           rax2 1100011b
  hex       \->  bin           rax2 Bx63
  ternary   \->  hex           rax2 212t
  hex       \->  ternary       rax2 Tx23
  raw       \->  hex           rax2 -S < /binfile
  hex       \->  raw           rax2 -s 414141
.Sh EXAMPLES
With no arguments, rax2 reads values from stdin. You can pass one or more values
as arguments.
.Pp
  $ rax2 33 0x41 0101b
  0x21
  65
  0x5
.Pp
You can do 'unpack' hexpair encoded strings easily.
.Pp
  $ rax2 \-s 41 42 43
  ABC
.Pp
It supports some math operations:
.Pp
  $ rax2 1+1 "0x5*101b+5"
  2
  30
.Pp
Encode and decode binary file using base64:
.Pp
  $ rax2 -E < /bin/ls > ls.b64
  $ rax2 -D < ls.b64 > ls
.Pp
  $ cmp /bin/ls ls && echo $?
  0
.Pp
Use -z/-Z to convert between binary and string:
.Pp
  $ rax2 -z hello
  01101000011001010110110001101100011011110000000000000000
  $ rax2 -Z 01101000011001010110110001101100011011110000000000000000
  hello
.Pp
Hash strings:
.Pp
  $ rax2 -H linux osx
  linux: 0x5ccc1772
  osx: 0x099bf94f
.Pp
Work with IP addresses:
.Pp
  $ rax2 -i 127.0.0.1
  2130706433
  $ rax2 -i 2130706433
  127.0.0.1
.Pp
It is a very useful tool for scripting, so you can read floating point values, or get the integer offset of a jump or a stack delta when analyzing programs.
.Pp
.Sh ENVIRONMENT
.Pp
rax2 does not use any environment variables.
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Pp
.Xr radare2(1)
.Sh WWW
.Pp
https://www.radare.org
.Sh AUTHORS
.Pp
pancake <pancake@nopcode.org>