
## NAME

radare2 - Advanced command-line hexadecimal editor, disassembler and debugger
## SYNOPSIS

radare2`-|--|=|file`
## DESCRIPTION

An advanced command-line hex editor, disassembler, and debugger, providing interactive reverse engineering, scripting, and automation capabilities for binary analysis and vulnerability research.

The alias 'r2' may be used as a shorthand for radare2.

The options are:

- `-Fl`: Open radare2 on an empty file

- `-`: Equivalent of 'r2 malloc://512'

- `-0`: Print \\x00 after initialization and after every command executed

- `-1`: Redirect stderr to stdout

- `-2`: Close stderr before starting RCore

- `-a Ar arch`: force asm.arch (x86, ppc, arm, mips, bf, java, ...)

- `-A`: run 'aaa' command before prompt or patch to analyze all referenced code. Use -AA to run aaaa

- `-b Ar bits`: force asm.bits (16, 32, 64)

- `-B Ar baddr`: Specify the base address to be used when loading a new binary. See 'e?bin.baddr'

- `-c Ar cmd`: Execute the given command before giving prompt

- `-d`: Start in debugger mode

- `-D Ar dbg.backend`: Enable debug mode. Set cfg.debug=true

- `-e Ar k=v`: Set configuration eval variable key=value. For example -e scr.color=false. When -e is passed after -j, it will set the script source to run instead of setting eval vars.

- `-f`: Blocksize = file size

- `-j`: Run QJS script if an argument is passed or enter the qjs shell if no file is specified. You can evaluate expressions when passing the -e flag after the -j.

- `-i Ar file`: Run script, lang program or radare2 plugin file. After the file is loaded

- `-I Ar file`: Run script, lang program or radare2 plugin file. Before the file is loaded

- `-k Ar kernel`: Select kernel (asm.os) for syscall resolution

- `-L`: List loaded IO plugins.

- `-LL`: List loaded core plugins.

- `-m Ar addr`: map file at given address

- `-M`: Disable demangling

- `-n`: Do not perform any analysis (r_bin). Just load the raw file

- `-nn`: Only load the rbin structures (elf, mach0, ...)

- `-N`: Do not load user settings/projects from ~/.radare2rc, ~/.config/radare2/rc and the scripts inside ~/.config/radare2/rc.d/ directory.

- `-NN`: Same as -N but also disables the automatic loading of plugins on startup time

- `-q`: Quiet mode (no prompt) and quit after running the commands specified with -i or -c

- `-qq`: Quit before showing the prompt. Right after all the -e -c and -i arguments are evaluated.

- `-Q`: Same as q, but exiting without freeing RCore, this produces leaks at exit time, but saves some precious ms to run the testsuite in fast mode.

- `-p Ar prj`: Set project file

- `-P Ar file`: Apply rapatch file and quit (see doc/rapatch.md for more details)

- `-r Ar rarun2`: Specify dbg.profile rarun2 profile to use when spawning a program for debugging

- `-R Ar rarun2-directive`: Specify custom rarun2 directives without having to create a rarun2 profile

- `-s Ar addr`: Start seeking at this address

- `-S`: Enable sandboxed mode (same as -e cfg.sandbox=true)

- `-t`: Get binary information and analyze binary in a background thread

- `-T`: Avoid computing the file hashes

- `-u`: Set bin.filter=false to load rbin info without filtering names

- `-v`: Show version information and exit (Use -qv to get just the version number)

- `-V`: Show radare2 library versions (prints JSON format if -j is used)

- `-w`: Open in write mode

- `-h`: Show help message

- `-H`: Show files and environment help

- `-x`: Open the file map without executable permissions

- `-X`: Same as -e bin.usextr=false, do not use extract plugins, useful for dyldcache

## SHELL

Type '?' for help

## VISUAL

To enter visual mode use the 'V' command. Then press '?' for help

## DEBUGGER

In r2 the debugger commands are implemented under the 'd' command. Type 'd?' for help

## ENVIRONMENT

R2_ARGS           run radare2 with defined arguments in environment and ignore cli ones
R2_IGNVER         load plugins ignoring the specified version. (be careful)
R2_DEBUG          if defined, show error messages and crash signal
R2_DEBUG_ASSERT=1 set a breakpoint when hitting an assert
R2_MAGICPATH      /Users/pancake/.local/share/radare2/share/radare2/4.5.0-git/magic
R2_NOPLUGINS      do not load r2 shared plugins
R2_RCFILE         ~/.radare2rc (user preferences, batch script)
R2_RDATAHOME      /usr/local
`FILE`path to the current working file.

## SEE ALSO

## AUTHORS

pancake <pancake@nopcode.org>

