Using r2 with 8051
==================

Features
--------
- [x] Disassembler, incl. substitution of direct addr with register names
- [x] Emulation (esil)
- [x] Basic address space mapping

Untested
--------
- [ ] Debugger

Missing
-------
- [ ] Assembler
- [ ] Full emulation of memory-mapped registers
- [ ] Memory banking for address spaces > 64K
- [ ] Advanced analysis like local variables, function parameters ..
- [ ] More predefined CPU models

r2 configuration
----------------

Set architecture to 8051:

`r2 -a 8051`

Set cpu to desired model:

`e asm.cpu = ?`

Enable substitution of jumps, call and branches:

`e asm.jmpsub = true`


Address spaces and memory mapping
---------------------------------

Pseudo registers are used to control how r2 emulates the multiple address
spaces of the 8051. The registers hold the base address where the 8051 memory
area is located in r2 address space.

|register|address space|comment|
|--|--|--|
|_code|CODE|Program memory. Typically located at 0.|
|_idata|IDATA|256 bytes of internal RAM.|
|_sfr|SFR|128 bytes for special function registers. _sfr is the base address. Registers start at _sfr+0x80.|
|_xdata|XDATA|64K of external RAM.|
|_pdata|PDATA, XREG|MSB of address of 256-byte page in XDATA accessed with 'movx @Rn' op codes.|

The registers are initalized based on the selected cpu. See command
'e asm.cpu=?'.

The registers can be viewed and modified with the 'ar' command. When modifying
the preudo registers, you may have to allocate r2 memory at the referenced
addresses with the 'o' command. When using 'asm.cpu', memory will be allocated
automatically.

Analysis and emulation rely on address mapping. Setup the pseudo registers
before running analysis, or rerun analysis after updating pseudo registers.

Address spaces can overlap in r2 memory. This allows to emulate 8051 variants
that mirror IDATA and SFR into XDATA, or have shared XDATA and CODE address
spaces.

For example, the CC2430 from Texas Instruments maps SFR to 0xDF80 and IDATA to
0xFF00 in XDATA memory space. In r2 this can be setup with:

````
ar _sfr = _xdata + 0xdf00
ar _idata = _xdata + 0xff00
````

Some 8051 variants use memory banking to address memory spaces larger than 64K.
Currently, memory banking is not supported by r2.


Tips & tricks
-------------

Use pseudo registers in r2 commands to calculate addresses. For example:

Hex dump of all special function registers:

`px @ _sfr`

Write a value to a location in external RAM

`wx deadbeef @ _xdata + 0x1234`

Set a flag for a variable stored at 0x20 in internal RAM:

`f sym.secret @ _idata + 0x20`


Adding support for new 8051 variants
------------------------------------

Follow these steps to add support for new 8051 variants to r2.

1. Clone latest version of radare2
2. In '/libr/anal/p/anal_8051.c' add new entry to array 'cpu_models[]' to define name and memory mapping. Name of last entry in array must be NULL
3. In 'libr/asm/p/asm_8051.c' append entry with same name to '.cpus' attribute
4. Compile and test your addtion, and submit a pull request
