### combaseapi.h ###

AgileReferenceOptions=typedef
typedef.AgileReferenceOptions=int



CLSIDFromProgID=func
func.CLSIDFromProgID.args=2
func.CLSIDFromProgID.arg.0=LPCOLESTR,lpszProgID
func.CLSIDFromProgID.arg.1=LPCLSID,lpclsid
func.CLSIDFromProgID.ret=HRESULT

CLSIDFromProgIDEx=func
func.CLSIDFromProgIDEx.args=2
func.CLSIDFromProgIDEx.arg.0=LPCOLESTR,lpszProgID
func.CLSIDFromProgIDEx.arg.1=LPCLSID,lpclsid
func.CLSIDFromProgIDEx.ret=HRESULT

CLSIDFromString=func
func.CLSIDFromString.args=2
func.CLSIDFromString.arg.0=LPCOLESTR,lpsz
func.CLSIDFromString.arg.1=LPCLSID,pclsid
func.CLSIDFromString.ret=HRESULT

CoAddRefServerProcess=func
func.CoAddRefServerProcess.args=0
func.CoAddRefServerProcess.ret=ULONG

CoAllowUnmarshalerCLSID=func
func.CoAllowUnmarshalerCLSID.args=1
func.CoAllowUnmarshalerCLSID.arg.0=REFCLSID,clsid
func.CoAllowUnmarshalerCLSID.ret=HRESULT

CoCancelCall=func
func.CoCancelCall.args=2
func.CoCancelCall.arg.0=DWORD,dwThreadId
func.CoCancelCall.arg.1=ULONG,ulTimeout
func.CoCancelCall.ret=HRESULT

CoCopyProxy=func
func.CoCopyProxy.args=2
func.CoCopyProxy.arg.0=IUnknown *,pProxy
func.CoCopyProxy.arg.1=IUnknown **,ppCopy
func.CoCopyProxy.ret=HRESULT

CoCreateFreeThreadedMarshaler=func
func.CoCreateFreeThreadedMarshaler.args=2
func.CoCreateFreeThreadedMarshaler.arg.0=LPUNKNOWN,punkOuter
func.CoCreateFreeThreadedMarshaler.arg.1=LPUNKNOWN *,ppunkMarshal
func.CoCreateFreeThreadedMarshaler.ret=HRESULT

CoCreateGuid=func
func.CoCreateGuid.args=1
func.CoCreateGuid.arg.0=GUID *,pguid
func.CoCreateGuid.ret=HRESULT

CoCreateInstance=func
func.CoCreateInstance.args=5
func.CoCreateInstance.arg.0=REFCLSID,rclsid
func.CoCreateInstance.arg.1=LPUNKNOWN,pUnkOuter
func.CoCreateInstance.arg.2=DWORD,dwClsContext
func.CoCreateInstance.arg.3=REFIID,riid
func.CoCreateInstance.arg.4=LPVOID *,ppv
func.CoCreateInstance.ret=HRESULT

CoCreateInstanceEx=func
func.CoCreateInstanceEx.args=6
func.CoCreateInstanceEx.arg.0=REFCLSID,Clsid
func.CoCreateInstanceEx.arg.1=IUnknown *,punkOuter
func.CoCreateInstanceEx.arg.2=DWORD,dwClsCtx
func.CoCreateInstanceEx.arg.3=COSERVERINFO *,pServerInfo
func.CoCreateInstanceEx.arg.4=DWORD,dwCount
func.CoCreateInstanceEx.arg.5=MULTI_QI *,pResults
func.CoCreateInstanceEx.ret=HRESULT

CoCreateInstanceFromApp=func
func.CoCreateInstanceFromApp.args=6
func.CoCreateInstanceFromApp.arg.0=REFCLSID,Clsid
func.CoCreateInstanceFromApp.arg.1=IUnknown *,punkOuter
func.CoCreateInstanceFromApp.arg.2=DWORD,dwClsCtx
func.CoCreateInstanceFromApp.arg.3=PVOID,reserved
func.CoCreateInstanceFromApp.arg.4=DWORD,dwCount
func.CoCreateInstanceFromApp.arg.5=MULTI_QI *,pResults
func.CoCreateInstanceFromApp.ret=HRESULT

CoDecodeProxy=func
func.CoDecodeProxy.args=3
func.CoDecodeProxy.arg.0=DWORD,dwClientPid
func.CoDecodeProxy.arg.1=UINT64,ui64ProxyAddress
func.CoDecodeProxy.arg.2=PServerInformation,pServerInformation
func.CoDecodeProxy.ret=HRESULT

CoDecrementMTAUsage=func
func.CoDecrementMTAUsage.args=1
func.CoDecrementMTAUsage.arg.0=CO_MTA_USAGE_COOKIE,Cookie
func.CoDecrementMTAUsage.ret=HRESULT

CoDisableCallCancellation=func
func.CoDisableCallCancellation.args=1
func.CoDisableCallCancellation.arg.0=LPVOID,pReserved
func.CoDisableCallCancellation.ret=HRESULT

CoDisconnectContext=func
func.CoDisconnectContext.args=1
func.CoDisconnectContext.arg.0=DWORD,dwTimeout
func.CoDisconnectContext.ret=HRESULT

CoDisconnectObject=func
func.CoDisconnectObject.args=2
func.CoDisconnectObject.arg.0=LPUNKNOWN,pUnk
func.CoDisconnectObject.arg.1=DWORD,dwReserved
func.CoDisconnectObject.ret=HRESULT

CoEnableCallCancellation=func
func.CoEnableCallCancellation.args=1
func.CoEnableCallCancellation.arg.0=LPVOID,pReserved
func.CoEnableCallCancellation.ret=HRESULT

CoFileTimeNow=func
func.CoFileTimeNow.args=1
func.CoFileTimeNow.arg.0=FILETIME *,lpFileTime
func.CoFileTimeNow.ret=HRESULT

CoFreeUnusedLibraries=func
func.CoFreeUnusedLibraries.args=0
func.CoFreeUnusedLibraries.ret=void

CoFreeUnusedLibrariesEx=func
func.CoFreeUnusedLibrariesEx.args=2
func.CoFreeUnusedLibrariesEx.arg.0=DWORD,dwUnloadDelay
func.CoFreeUnusedLibrariesEx.arg.1=DWORD,dwReserved
func.CoFreeUnusedLibrariesEx.ret=void

CoGetApartmentType=func
func.CoGetApartmentType.args=2
func.CoGetApartmentType.arg.0=APTTYPE *,pAptType
func.CoGetApartmentType.arg.1=APTTYPEQUALIFIER *,pAptQualifier
func.CoGetApartmentType.ret=HRESULT

CoGetCallContext=func
func.CoGetCallContext.args=2
func.CoGetCallContext.arg.0=REFIID,riid
func.CoGetCallContext.arg.1=void **,ppInterface
func.CoGetCallContext.ret=HRESULT

CoGetCallerTID=func
func.CoGetCallerTID.args=1
func.CoGetCallerTID.arg.0=LPDWORD,lpdwTID
func.CoGetCallerTID.ret=HRESULT

CoGetCancelObject=func
func.CoGetCancelObject.args=3
func.CoGetCancelObject.arg.0=DWORD,dwThreadId
func.CoGetCancelObject.arg.1=REFIID,iid
func.CoGetCancelObject.arg.2=void **,ppUnk
func.CoGetCancelObject.ret=HRESULT

CoGetClassObject=func
func.CoGetClassObject.args=5
func.CoGetClassObject.arg.0=REFCLSID,rclsid
func.CoGetClassObject.arg.1=DWORD,dwClsContext
func.CoGetClassObject.arg.2=LPVOID,pvReserved
func.CoGetClassObject.arg.3=REFIID,riid
func.CoGetClassObject.arg.4=LPVOID *,ppv
func.CoGetClassObject.ret=HRESULT

CoGetContextToken=func
func.CoGetContextToken.args=1
func.CoGetContextToken.arg.0=ULONG_PTR *,pToken
func.CoGetContextToken.ret=HRESULT

CoGetCurrentLogicalThreadId=func
func.CoGetCurrentLogicalThreadId.args=1
func.CoGetCurrentLogicalThreadId.arg.0=GUID *,pguid
func.CoGetCurrentLogicalThreadId.ret=HRESULT

CoGetCurrentProcess=func
func.CoGetCurrentProcess.args=0
func.CoGetCurrentProcess.ret=DWORD

CoGetDefaultContext=func
func.CoGetDefaultContext.args=3
func.CoGetDefaultContext.arg.0=APTTYPE,aptType
func.CoGetDefaultContext.arg.1=REFIID,riid
func.CoGetDefaultContext.arg.2=void **,ppv
func.CoGetDefaultContext.ret=HRESULT

CoGetInterfaceAndReleaseStream=func
func.CoGetInterfaceAndReleaseStream.args=3
func.CoGetInterfaceAndReleaseStream.arg.0=LPSTREAM,pStm
func.CoGetInterfaceAndReleaseStream.arg.1=REFIID,iid
func.CoGetInterfaceAndReleaseStream.arg.2=LPVOID *,ppv
func.CoGetInterfaceAndReleaseStream.ret=HRESULT

CoGetMalloc=func
func.CoGetMalloc.args=2
func.CoGetMalloc.arg.0=DWORD,dwMemContext
func.CoGetMalloc.arg.1=LPMALLOC *,ppMalloc
func.CoGetMalloc.ret=HRESULT

CoGetMarshalSizeMax=func
func.CoGetMarshalSizeMax.args=6
func.CoGetMarshalSizeMax.arg.0=ULONG *,pulSize
func.CoGetMarshalSizeMax.arg.1=REFIID,riid
func.CoGetMarshalSizeMax.arg.2=LPUNKNOWN,pUnk
func.CoGetMarshalSizeMax.arg.3=DWORD,dwDestContext
func.CoGetMarshalSizeMax.arg.4=LPVOID,pvDestContext
func.CoGetMarshalSizeMax.arg.5=DWORD,mshlflags
func.CoGetMarshalSizeMax.ret=HRESULT

CoGetObjectContext=func
func.CoGetObjectContext.args=2
func.CoGetObjectContext.arg.0=REFIID,riid
func.CoGetObjectContext.arg.1=LPVOID *,ppv
func.CoGetObjectContext.ret=HRESULT

CoGetPSClsid=func
func.CoGetPSClsid.args=2
func.CoGetPSClsid.arg.0=REFIID,riid
func.CoGetPSClsid.arg.1=CLSID *,pClsid
func.CoGetPSClsid.ret=HRESULT

CoGetStandardMarshal=func
func.CoGetStandardMarshal.args=6
func.CoGetStandardMarshal.arg.0=REFIID,riid
func.CoGetStandardMarshal.arg.1=LPUNKNOWN,pUnk
func.CoGetStandardMarshal.arg.2=DWORD,dwDestContext
func.CoGetStandardMarshal.arg.3=LPVOID,pvDestContext
func.CoGetStandardMarshal.arg.4=DWORD,mshlflags
func.CoGetStandardMarshal.arg.5=LPMARSHAL *,ppMarshal
func.CoGetStandardMarshal.ret=HRESULT

CoGetStdMarshalEx=func
func.CoGetStdMarshalEx.args=3
func.CoGetStdMarshalEx.arg.0=LPUNKNOWN,pUnkOuter
func.CoGetStdMarshalEx.arg.1=DWORD,smexflags
func.CoGetStdMarshalEx.arg.2=LPUNKNOWN *,ppUnkInner
func.CoGetStdMarshalEx.ret=HRESULT

CoGetTreatAsClass=func
func.CoGetTreatAsClass.args=2
func.CoGetTreatAsClass.arg.0=REFCLSID,clsidOld
func.CoGetTreatAsClass.arg.1=LPCLSID,pClsidNew
func.CoGetTreatAsClass.ret=HRESULT

CoImpersonateClient=func
func.CoImpersonateClient.args=0
func.CoImpersonateClient.ret=HRESULT

CoIncrementMTAUsage=func
func.CoIncrementMTAUsage.args=1
func.CoIncrementMTAUsage.arg.0=CO_MTA_USAGE_COOKIE *,pCookie
func.CoIncrementMTAUsage.ret=HRESULT

CoInitializeEx=func
func.CoInitializeEx.args=2
func.CoInitializeEx.arg.0=LPVOID,pvReserved
func.CoInitializeEx.arg.1=DWORD,dwCoInit
func.CoInitializeEx.ret=HRESULT

CoInitializeSecurity=func
func.CoInitializeSecurity.args=9
func.CoInitializeSecurity.arg.0=PSECURITY_DESCRIPTOR,pSecDesc
func.CoInitializeSecurity.arg.1=LONG,cAuthSvc
func.CoInitializeSecurity.arg.2=SOLE_AUTHENTICATION_SERVICE *,asAuthSvc
func.CoInitializeSecurity.arg.3=void *,pReserved1
func.CoInitializeSecurity.arg.4=DWORD,dwAuthnLevel
func.CoInitializeSecurity.arg.5=DWORD,dwImpLevel
func.CoInitializeSecurity.arg.6=void *,pAuthList
func.CoInitializeSecurity.arg.7=DWORD,dwCapabilities
func.CoInitializeSecurity.arg.8=void *,pReserved3
func.CoInitializeSecurity.ret=HRESULT

CoInvalidateRemoteMachineBindings=func
func.CoInvalidateRemoteMachineBindings.args=1
func.CoInvalidateRemoteMachineBindings.arg.0=LPOLESTR,pszMachineName
func.CoInvalidateRemoteMachineBindings.ret=HRESULT

CoIsHandlerConnected=func
func.CoIsHandlerConnected.args=1
func.CoIsHandlerConnected.arg.0=LPUNKNOWN,pUnk
func.CoIsHandlerConnected.ret=BOOL

CoLockObjectExternal=func
func.CoLockObjectExternal.args=3
func.CoLockObjectExternal.arg.0=LPUNKNOWN,pUnk
func.CoLockObjectExternal.arg.1=BOOL,fLock
func.CoLockObjectExternal.arg.2=BOOL,fLastUnlockReleases
func.CoLockObjectExternal.ret=HRESULT

CoMarshalHresult=func
func.CoMarshalHresult.args=2
func.CoMarshalHresult.arg.0=LPSTREAM,pstm
func.CoMarshalHresult.arg.1=HRESULT,hresult
func.CoMarshalHresult.ret=HRESULT

CoMarshalInterface=func
func.CoMarshalInterface.args=6
func.CoMarshalInterface.arg.0=LPSTREAM,pStm
func.CoMarshalInterface.arg.1=REFIID,riid
func.CoMarshalInterface.arg.2=LPUNKNOWN,pUnk
func.CoMarshalInterface.arg.3=DWORD,dwDestContext
func.CoMarshalInterface.arg.4=LPVOID,pvDestContext
func.CoMarshalInterface.arg.5=DWORD,mshlflags
func.CoMarshalInterface.ret=HRESULT

CoMarshalInterThreadInterfaceInStream=func
func.CoMarshalInterThreadInterfaceInStream.args=3
func.CoMarshalInterThreadInterfaceInStream.arg.0=REFIID,riid
func.CoMarshalInterThreadInterfaceInStream.arg.1=LPUNKNOWN,pUnk
func.CoMarshalInterThreadInterfaceInStream.arg.2=LPSTREAM *,ppStm
func.CoMarshalInterThreadInterfaceInStream.ret=HRESULT

CoQueryAuthenticationServices=func
func.CoQueryAuthenticationServices.args=2
func.CoQueryAuthenticationServices.arg.0=DWORD *,pcAuthSvc
func.CoQueryAuthenticationServices.arg.1=SOLE_AUTHENTICATION_SERVICE **,asAuthSvc
func.CoQueryAuthenticationServices.ret=HRESULT

CoQueryClientBlanket=func
func.CoQueryClientBlanket.args=7
func.CoQueryClientBlanket.arg.0=DWORD *,pAuthnSvc
func.CoQueryClientBlanket.arg.1=DWORD *,pAuthzSvc
func.CoQueryClientBlanket.arg.2=LPOLESTR *,pServerPrincName
func.CoQueryClientBlanket.arg.3=DWORD *,pAuthnLevel
func.CoQueryClientBlanket.arg.4=DWORD *,pImpLevel
func.CoQueryClientBlanket.arg.5=RPC_AUTHZ_HANDLE *,pPrivs
func.CoQueryClientBlanket.arg.6=DWORD *,pCapabilities
func.CoQueryClientBlanket.ret=HRESULT

CoQueryProxyBlanket=func
func.CoQueryProxyBlanket.args=8
func.CoQueryProxyBlanket.arg.0=IUnknown *,pProxy
func.CoQueryProxyBlanket.arg.1=DWORD *,pwAuthnSvc
func.CoQueryProxyBlanket.arg.2=DWORD *,pAuthzSvc
func.CoQueryProxyBlanket.arg.3=LPOLESTR *,pServerPrincName
func.CoQueryProxyBlanket.arg.4=DWORD *,pAuthnLevel
func.CoQueryProxyBlanket.arg.5=DWORD *,pImpLevel
func.CoQueryProxyBlanket.arg.6=RPC_AUTH_IDENTITY_HANDLE *,pAuthInfo
func.CoQueryProxyBlanket.arg.7=DWORD *,pCapabilites
func.CoQueryProxyBlanket.ret=HRESULT

CoRegisterActivationFilter=func
func.CoRegisterActivationFilter.args=1
func.CoRegisterActivationFilter.arg.0=IActivationFilter *,pActivationFilter
func.CoRegisterActivationFilter.ret=HRESULT

CoRegisterClassObject=func
func.CoRegisterClassObject.args=5
func.CoRegisterClassObject.arg.0=REFCLSID,rclsid
func.CoRegisterClassObject.arg.1=LPUNKNOWN,pUnk
func.CoRegisterClassObject.arg.2=DWORD,dwClsContext
func.CoRegisterClassObject.arg.3=DWORD,flags
func.CoRegisterClassObject.arg.4=LPDWORD,lpdwRegister
func.CoRegisterClassObject.ret=HRESULT

CoRegisterPSClsid=func
func.CoRegisterPSClsid.args=2
func.CoRegisterPSClsid.arg.0=REFIID,riid
func.CoRegisterPSClsid.arg.1=REFCLSID,rclsid
func.CoRegisterPSClsid.ret=HRESULT

CoRegisterSurrogate=func
func.CoRegisterSurrogate.args=1
func.CoRegisterSurrogate.arg.0=LPSURROGATE,pSurrogate
func.CoRegisterSurrogate.ret=HRESULT

CoReleaseMarshalData=func
func.CoReleaseMarshalData.args=1
func.CoReleaseMarshalData.arg.0=LPSTREAM,pStm
func.CoReleaseMarshalData.ret=HRESULT

CoReleaseServerProcess=func
func.CoReleaseServerProcess.args=0
func.CoReleaseServerProcess.ret=ULONG

CoResumeClassObjects=func
func.CoResumeClassObjects.args=0
func.CoResumeClassObjects.ret=HRESULT

CoRevertToSelf=func
func.CoRevertToSelf.args=0
func.CoRevertToSelf.ret=HRESULT

CoRevokeClassObject=func
func.CoRevokeClassObject.args=1
func.CoRevokeClassObject.arg.0=DWORD,dwRegister
func.CoRevokeClassObject.ret=HRESULT

CoSetCancelObject=func
func.CoSetCancelObject.args=1
func.CoSetCancelObject.arg.0=IUnknown *,pUnk
func.CoSetCancelObject.ret=HRESULT

CoSetProxyBlanket=func
func.CoSetProxyBlanket.args=8
func.CoSetProxyBlanket.arg.0=IUnknown *,pProxy
func.CoSetProxyBlanket.arg.1=DWORD,dwAuthnSvc
func.CoSetProxyBlanket.arg.2=DWORD,dwAuthzSvc
func.CoSetProxyBlanket.arg.3=OLECHAR *,pServerPrincName
func.CoSetProxyBlanket.arg.4=DWORD,dwAuthnLevel
func.CoSetProxyBlanket.arg.5=DWORD,dwImpLevel
func.CoSetProxyBlanket.arg.6=RPC_AUTH_IDENTITY_HANDLE,pAuthInfo
func.CoSetProxyBlanket.arg.7=DWORD,dwCapabilities
func.CoSetProxyBlanket.ret=HRESULT

CoSuspendClassObjects=func
func.CoSuspendClassObjects.args=0
func.CoSuspendClassObjects.ret=HRESULT

CoSwitchCallContext=func
func.CoSwitchCallContext.args=2
func.CoSwitchCallContext.arg.0=IUnknown *,pNewObject
func.CoSwitchCallContext.arg.1=IUnknown **,ppOldObject
func.CoSwitchCallContext.ret=HRESULT

CoTaskMemAlloc=func
func.CoTaskMemAlloc.args=1
func.CoTaskMemAlloc.arg.0=SIZE_T,cb
func.CoTaskMemAlloc.ret=LPVOID

CoTaskMemFree=func
func.CoTaskMemFree.args=1
func.CoTaskMemFree.arg.0=LPVOID,pv
func.CoTaskMemFree.ret=void

CoTaskMemRealloc=func
func.CoTaskMemRealloc.args=2
func.CoTaskMemRealloc.arg.0=LPVOID,pv
func.CoTaskMemRealloc.arg.1=SIZE_T,cb
func.CoTaskMemRealloc.ret=LPVOID

CoTestCancel=func
func.CoTestCancel.args=0
func.CoTestCancel.ret=HRESULT

CoUninitialize=func
func.CoUninitialize.args=0
func.CoUninitialize.ret=void

CoUnmarshalHresult=func
func.CoUnmarshalHresult.args=2
func.CoUnmarshalHresult.arg.0=LPSTREAM,pstm
func.CoUnmarshalHresult.arg.1=HRESULT *,phresult
func.CoUnmarshalHresult.ret=HRESULT

CoUnmarshalInterface=func
func.CoUnmarshalInterface.args=3
func.CoUnmarshalInterface.arg.0=LPSTREAM,pStm
func.CoUnmarshalInterface.arg.1=REFIID,riid
func.CoUnmarshalInterface.arg.2=LPVOID *,ppv
func.CoUnmarshalInterface.ret=HRESULT

CoWaitForMultipleHandles=func
func.CoWaitForMultipleHandles.args=5
func.CoWaitForMultipleHandles.arg.0=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CoWaitForMultipleHandles.arg.1=DWORD,dwTimeout
func.CoWaitForMultipleHandles.arg.2=ULONG,cHandles
func.CoWaitForMultipleHandles.arg.3=LPHANDLE,pHandles
func.CoWaitForMultipleHandles.arg.4=LPDWORD,lpdwindex
func.CoWaitForMultipleHandles.ret=HRESULT

CoWaitForMultipleObjects=func
func.CoWaitForMultipleObjects.args=5
func.CoWaitForMultipleObjects.arg.0=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CoWaitForMultipleObjects.arg.1=DWORD,dwTimeout
func.CoWaitForMultipleObjects.arg.2=ULONG,cHandles
func.CoWaitForMultipleObjects.arg.3=const HANDLE *,pHandles
func.CoWaitForMultipleObjects.arg.4=LPDWORD,lpdwindex
func.CoWaitForMultipleObjects.ret=HRESULT

CreateStreamOnHGlobal=func
func.CreateStreamOnHGlobal.args=3
func.CreateStreamOnHGlobal.arg.0=HGLOBAL,hGlobal
func.CreateStreamOnHGlobal.arg.1=BOOL,fDeleteOnRelease
func.CreateStreamOnHGlobal.arg.2=LPSTREAM *,ppstm
func.CreateStreamOnHGlobal.ret=HRESULT

DllCanUnloadNow=func
func.DllCanUnloadNow.args=0
func.DllCanUnloadNow.ret=HRESULT

DllGetClassObject=func
func.DllGetClassObject.args=3
func.DllGetClassObject.arg.0=REFCLSID,rclsid
func.DllGetClassObject.arg.1=REFIID,riid
func.DllGetClassObject.arg.2=LPVOID *,ppv
func.DllGetClassObject.ret=HRESULT

FreePropVariantArray=func
func.FreePropVariantArray.args=2
func.FreePropVariantArray.arg.0=ULONG,cVariants
func.FreePropVariantArray.arg.1=PROPVARIANT *,rgvars
func.FreePropVariantArray.ret=HRESULT

GetHGlobalFromStream=func
func.GetHGlobalFromStream.args=2
func.GetHGlobalFromStream.arg.0=LPSTREAM,pstm
func.GetHGlobalFromStream.arg.1=HGLOBAL *,phglobal
func.GetHGlobalFromStream.ret=HRESULT

IIDFromString=func
func.IIDFromString.args=2
func.IIDFromString.arg.0=LPCOLESTR,lpsz
func.IIDFromString.arg.1=LPIID,lpiid
func.IIDFromString.ret=HRESULT

ProgIDFromCLSID=func
func.ProgIDFromCLSID.args=2
func.ProgIDFromCLSID.arg.0=REFCLSID,clsid
func.ProgIDFromCLSID.arg.1=LPOLESTR *,lplpszProgID
func.ProgIDFromCLSID.ret=HRESULT

PropVariantClear=func
func.PropVariantClear.args=1
func.PropVariantClear.arg.0=PROPVARIANT *,pvar
func.PropVariantClear.ret=HRESULT

PropVariantCopy=func
func.PropVariantCopy.args=2
func.PropVariantCopy.arg.0=PROPVARIANT *,pvarDest
func.PropVariantCopy.arg.1=const PROPVARIANT *,pvarSrc
func.PropVariantCopy.ret=HRESULT

RoGetAgileReference=func
func.RoGetAgileReference.args=4
func.RoGetAgileReference.arg.0=AgileReferenceOptions,options
func.RoGetAgileReference.arg.1=REFIID,riid
func.RoGetAgileReference.arg.2=IUnknown *,pUnk
func.RoGetAgileReference.arg.3=IAgileReference **,ppAgileReference
func.RoGetAgileReference.ret=HRESULT

StringFromCLSID=func
func.StringFromCLSID.args=2
func.StringFromCLSID.arg.0=REFCLSID,rclsid
func.StringFromCLSID.arg.1=LPOLESTR *,lplpsz
func.StringFromCLSID.ret=HRESULT

StringFromGUID2=func
func.StringFromGUID2.args=3
func.StringFromGUID2.arg.0=REFGUID,rguid
func.StringFromGUID2.arg.1=LPOLESTR,lpsz
func.StringFromGUID2.arg.2=int,cchMax
func.StringFromGUID2.ret=int

StringFromIID=func
func.StringFromIID.args=2
func.StringFromIID.arg.0=REFIID,rclsid
func.StringFromIID.arg.1=LPOLESTR *,lplpsz
func.StringFromIID.ret=HRESULT
