### wincrypt.h ###

PFN_CERT_ENUM_PHYSICAL_STORE=type
type.PFN_CERT_ENUM_PHYSICAL_STORE=p

PFN_CERT_ENUM_SYSTEM_STORE=type
type.PFN_CERT_ENUM_SYSTEM_STORE=p

PFN_CERT_ENUM_SYSTEM_STORE_LOCATION=type
type.PFN_CERT_ENUM_SYSTEM_STORE_LOCATION=p

PFN_CRYPT_ENUM_KEYID_PROP=type
type.PFN_CRYPT_ENUM_KEYID_PROP=p

PFN_CRYPT_ENUM_OID_FUNC=type
type.PFN_CRYPT_ENUM_OID_FUNC=p

PFN_CRYPT_ENUM_OID_INFO=type
type.PFN_CRYPT_ENUM_OID_INFO=p



PCERT_CHAIN_ENGINE_CONFIG=type
type.PCERT_CHAIN_ENGINE_CONFIG=p

PCERT_CHAIN_PARA=type
type.PCERT_CHAIN_PARA=p

PCERT_CHAIN_POLICY_PARA=type
type.PCERT_CHAIN_POLICY_PARA=p

PCERT_CHAIN_POLICY_STATUS=type
type.PCERT_CHAIN_POLICY_STATUS=p

PCERT_CREATE_CONTEXT_PARA=type
type.PCERT_CREATE_CONTEXT_PARA=p

PCERT_ENHKEY_USAGE=type
type.PCERT_ENHKEY_USAGE=p

PCERT_EXTENSION=type
type.PCERT_EXTENSION=p

PCERT_EXTENSIONS=type
type.PCERT_EXTENSIONS=p

PCERT_INFO=type
type.PCERT_INFO=p

PCERT_NAME_BLOB=type
type.PCERT_NAME_BLOB=p

PCERT_NAME_INFO=type
type.PCERT_NAME_INFO=p

PCERT_PHYSICAL_STORE_INFO=type
type.PCERT_PHYSICAL_STORE_INFO=p

PCERT_PUBLIC_KEY_INFO=type
type.PCERT_PUBLIC_KEY_INFO=p

PCERT_RDN=type
type.PCERT_RDN=p

PCERT_RDN_ATTR=type
type.PCERT_RDN_ATTR=p

PCERT_RDN_VALUE_BLOB=type
type.PCERT_RDN_VALUE_BLOB=p

PCERT_REVOCATION_PARA=type
type.PCERT_REVOCATION_PARA=p

PCERT_REVOCATION_STATUS=type
type.PCERT_REVOCATION_STATUS=p

PCERT_SERVER_OCSP_RESPONSE_OPEN_PARA=type
type.PCERT_SERVER_OCSP_RESPONSE_OPEN_PARA=p

PCERT_SYSTEM_STORE_INFO=type
type.PCERT_SYSTEM_STORE_INFO=p

PCMSG_SIGNED_ENCODE_INFO=type
type.PCMSG_SIGNED_ENCODE_INFO=p

PCMSG_SIGNER_ENCODE_INFO=type
type.PCMSG_SIGNER_ENCODE_INFO=p

PCMSG_STREAM_INFO=type
type.PCMSG_STREAM_INFO=p

PCRL_ENTRY=type
type.PCRL_ENTRY=p

PCRL_INFO=type
type.PCRL_INFO=p

PCRYPT_ALGORITHM_IDENTIFIER=type
type.PCRYPT_ALGORITHM_IDENTIFIER=p

PCRYPT_ATTRIBUTE=type
type.PCRYPT_ATTRIBUTE=p

PCRYPT_CREDENTIALS=type
type.PCRYPT_CREDENTIALS=p

PCRYPT_DATA_BLOB=type
type.PCRYPT_DATA_BLOB=p

PCRYPT_DECODE_PARA=type
type.PCRYPT_DECODE_PARA=p

PCRYPT_DECRYPT_MESSAGE_PARA=type
type.PCRYPT_DECRYPT_MESSAGE_PARA=p

PCRYPT_DER_BLOB=type
type.PCRYPT_DER_BLOB=p

PCRYPT_ENCODE_PARA=type
type.PCRYPT_ENCODE_PARA=p

PCRYPT_ENCRYPT_MESSAGE_PARA=type
type.PCRYPT_ENCRYPT_MESSAGE_PARA=p

PCRYPT_GET_TIME_VALID_OBJECT_EXTRA_INFO=type
type.PCRYPT_GET_TIME_VALID_OBJECT_EXTRA_INFO=p

PCRYPT_HASH_MESSAGE_PARA=type
type.PCRYPT_HASH_MESSAGE_PARA=p

PCRYPT_INTEGER_BLOB=type
type.PCRYPT_INTEGER_BLOB=p

PCRYPT_KEY_PROV_INFO=type
type.PCRYPT_KEY_PROV_INFO=p

PCRYPT_KEY_SIGN_MESSAGE_PARA=type
type.PCRYPT_KEY_SIGN_MESSAGE_PARA=p

PCRYPT_KEY_VERIFY_MESSAGE_PARA=type
type.PCRYPT_KEY_VERIFY_MESSAGE_PARA=p

PCRYPT_RETRIEVE_AUX_INFO=type
type.PCRYPT_RETRIEVE_AUX_INFO=p

PCRYPT_SIGN_MESSAGE_PARA=type
type.PCRYPT_SIGN_MESSAGE_PARA=p

PCRYPT_TIMESTAMP_CONTEXT=type
type.PCRYPT_TIMESTAMP_CONTEXT=p

PCRYPT_TIMESTAMP_PARA=type
type.PCRYPT_TIMESTAMP_PARA=p

PCRYPT_URL_ARRAY=type
type.PCRYPT_URL_ARRAY=p

PCRYPT_URL_INFO=type
type.PCRYPT_URL_INFO=p

PCRYPT_VERIFY_MESSAGE_PARA=type
type.PCRYPT_VERIFY_MESSAGE_PARA=p

PCTL_ENTRY=type
type.PCTL_ENTRY=p

PCTL_INFO=type
type.PCTL_INFO=p

PCTL_USAGE=type
type.PCTL_USAGE=p

PCTL_VERIFY_USAGE_PARA=type
type.PCTL_VERIFY_USAGE_PARA=p

PCTL_VERIFY_USAGE_STATUS=type
type.PCTL_VERIFY_USAGE_STATUS=p



PCCERT_CHAIN_CONTEXT=type
type.PCCERT_CHAIN_CONTEXT=p

PCCERT_CONTEXT=type
type.PCCERT_CONTEXT=p

PCCERT_SERVER_OCSP_RESPONSE_CONTEXT=type
type.PCCERT_SERVER_OCSP_RESPONSE_CONTEXT=p

PCCERT_SELECT_CHAIN_PARA=type
type.PCCERT_SELECT_CHAIN_PARA=p

PCCERT_SELECT_CRITERIA=type
type.PCCERT_SELECT_CRITERIA=p

PCCERT_STRONG_SIGN_PARA=type
type.PCCERT_STRONG_SIGN_PARA=p

PCCRL_CONTEXT=type
type.PCCRL_CONTEXT=p

PCCRYPT_OID_INFO=type
type.PCCRYPT_OID_INFO=p

PCCTL_CONTEXT=type
type.PCCTL_CONTEXT=p



CertAddCRLContextToStore=func
func.CertAddCRLContextToStore.args=4
func.CertAddCRLContextToStore.arg.0=HCERTSTORE,hCertStore
func.CertAddCRLContextToStore.arg.1=PCCRL_CONTEXT,pCrlContext
func.CertAddCRLContextToStore.arg.2=DWORD,dwAddDisposition
func.CertAddCRLContextToStore.arg.3=PCCRL_CONTEXT *,ppStoreContext
func.CertAddCRLContextToStore.ret=BOOL

CertAddCRLLinkToStore=func
func.CertAddCRLLinkToStore.args=4
func.CertAddCRLLinkToStore.arg.0=HCERTSTORE,hCertStore
func.CertAddCRLLinkToStore.arg.1=PCCRL_CONTEXT,pCrlContext
func.CertAddCRLLinkToStore.arg.2=DWORD,dwAddDisposition
func.CertAddCRLLinkToStore.arg.3=PCCRL_CONTEXT *,ppStoreContext
func.CertAddCRLLinkToStore.ret=BOOL

CertAddCTLContextToStore=func
func.CertAddCTLContextToStore.args=4
func.CertAddCTLContextToStore.arg.0=HCERTSTORE,hCertStore
func.CertAddCTLContextToStore.arg.1=PCCTL_CONTEXT,pCtlContext
func.CertAddCTLContextToStore.arg.2=DWORD,dwAddDisposition
func.CertAddCTLContextToStore.arg.3=PCCTL_CONTEXT *,ppStoreContext
func.CertAddCTLContextToStore.ret=BOOL

CertAddCTLLinkToStore=func
func.CertAddCTLLinkToStore.args=4
func.CertAddCTLLinkToStore.arg.0=HCERTSTORE,hCertStore
func.CertAddCTLLinkToStore.arg.1=PCCTL_CONTEXT,pCtlContext
func.CertAddCTLLinkToStore.arg.2=DWORD,dwAddDisposition
func.CertAddCTLLinkToStore.arg.3=PCCTL_CONTEXT *,ppStoreContext
func.CertAddCTLLinkToStore.ret=BOOL

CertAddCertificateContextToStore=func
func.CertAddCertificateContextToStore.args=4
func.CertAddCertificateContextToStore.arg.0=HCERTSTORE,hCertStore
func.CertAddCertificateContextToStore.arg.1=PCCERT_CONTEXT,pCertContext
func.CertAddCertificateContextToStore.arg.2=DWORD,dwAddDisposition
func.CertAddCertificateContextToStore.arg.3=PCCERT_CONTEXT *,ppStoreContext
func.CertAddCertificateContextToStore.ret=BOOL

CertAddCertificateLinkToStore=func
func.CertAddCertificateLinkToStore.args=4
func.CertAddCertificateLinkToStore.arg.0=HCERTSTORE,hCertStore
func.CertAddCertificateLinkToStore.arg.1=PCCERT_CONTEXT,pCertContext
func.CertAddCertificateLinkToStore.arg.2=DWORD,dwAddDisposition
func.CertAddCertificateLinkToStore.arg.3=PCCERT_CONTEXT *,ppStoreContext
func.CertAddCertificateLinkToStore.ret=BOOL

CertAddEncodedCRLToStore=func
func.CertAddEncodedCRLToStore.args=6
func.CertAddEncodedCRLToStore.arg.0=HCERTSTORE,hCertStore
func.CertAddEncodedCRLToStore.arg.1=DWORD,dwCertEncodingType
func.CertAddEncodedCRLToStore.arg.2=const BYTE *,pbCrlEncoded
func.CertAddEncodedCRLToStore.arg.3=DWORD,cbCrlEncoded
func.CertAddEncodedCRLToStore.arg.4=DWORD,dwAddDisposition
func.CertAddEncodedCRLToStore.arg.5=PCCRL_CONTEXT *,ppCrlContext
func.CertAddEncodedCRLToStore.ret=BOOL

CertAddEncodedCTLToStore=func
func.CertAddEncodedCTLToStore.args=6
func.CertAddEncodedCTLToStore.arg.0=HCERTSTORE,hCertStore
func.CertAddEncodedCTLToStore.arg.1=DWORD,dwMsgAndCertEncodingType
func.CertAddEncodedCTLToStore.arg.2=const BYTE *,pbCtlEncoded
func.CertAddEncodedCTLToStore.arg.3=DWORD,cbCtlEncoded
func.CertAddEncodedCTLToStore.arg.4=DWORD,dwAddDisposition
func.CertAddEncodedCTLToStore.arg.5=PCCTL_CONTEXT *,ppCtlContext
func.CertAddEncodedCTLToStore.ret=BOOL

CertAddEncodedCertificateToStore=func
func.CertAddEncodedCertificateToStore.args=6
func.CertAddEncodedCertificateToStore.arg.0=HCERTSTORE,hCertStore
func.CertAddEncodedCertificateToStore.arg.1=DWORD,dwCertEncodingType
func.CertAddEncodedCertificateToStore.arg.2=const BYTE *,pbCertEncoded
func.CertAddEncodedCertificateToStore.arg.3=DWORD,cbCertEncoded
func.CertAddEncodedCertificateToStore.arg.4=DWORD,dwAddDisposition
func.CertAddEncodedCertificateToStore.arg.5=PCCERT_CONTEXT *,ppCertContext
func.CertAddEncodedCertificateToStore.ret=BOOL

CertAddEncodedCertificateToSystemStoreA=func
func.CertAddEncodedCertificateToSystemStoreA.args=3
func.CertAddEncodedCertificateToSystemStoreA.arg.0=LPCSTR,szCertStoreName
func.CertAddEncodedCertificateToSystemStoreA.arg.1=const BYTE *,pbCertEncoded
func.CertAddEncodedCertificateToSystemStoreA.arg.2=DWORD,cbCertEncoded
func.CertAddEncodedCertificateToSystemStoreA.ret=BOOL

CertAddEncodedCertificateToSystemStoreW=func
func.CertAddEncodedCertificateToSystemStoreW.args=3
func.CertAddEncodedCertificateToSystemStoreW.arg.0=LPCWSTR,szCertStoreName
func.CertAddEncodedCertificateToSystemStoreW.arg.1=const BYTE *,pbCertEncoded
func.CertAddEncodedCertificateToSystemStoreW.arg.2=DWORD,cbCertEncoded
func.CertAddEncodedCertificateToSystemStoreW.ret=BOOL

CertAddEnhancedKeyUsageIdentifier=func
func.CertAddEnhancedKeyUsageIdentifier.args=2
func.CertAddEnhancedKeyUsageIdentifier.arg.0=PCCERT_CONTEXT,pCertContext
func.CertAddEnhancedKeyUsageIdentifier.arg.1=LPCSTR,pszUsageIdentifier
func.CertAddEnhancedKeyUsageIdentifier.ret=BOOL

CertAddRefServerOcspResponse=func
func.CertAddRefServerOcspResponse.args=1
func.CertAddRefServerOcspResponse.arg.0=HCERT_SERVER_OCSP_RESPONSE,hServerOcspResponse
func.CertAddRefServerOcspResponse.ret=VOID

CertAddRefServerOcspResponseContext=func
func.CertAddRefServerOcspResponseContext.args=1
func.CertAddRefServerOcspResponseContext.arg.0=PCCERT_SERVER_OCSP_RESPONSE_CONTEXT,pServerOcspResponseContext
func.CertAddRefServerOcspResponseContext.ret=VOID

CertAddSerializedElementToStore=func
func.CertAddSerializedElementToStore.args=8
func.CertAddSerializedElementToStore.arg.0=HCERTSTORE,hCertStore
func.CertAddSerializedElementToStore.arg.1=const BYTE *,pbElement
func.CertAddSerializedElementToStore.arg.2=DWORD,cbElement
func.CertAddSerializedElementToStore.arg.3=DWORD,dwAddDisposition
func.CertAddSerializedElementToStore.arg.4=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CertAddSerializedElementToStore.arg.5=DWORD,dwContextTypeFlags
func.CertAddSerializedElementToStore.arg.6=DWORD *,pdwContextType
func.CertAddSerializedElementToStore.arg.7=const void **,ppvContext
func.CertAddSerializedElementToStore.ret=BOOL

CertAddStoreToCollection=func
func.CertAddStoreToCollection.args=4
func.CertAddStoreToCollection.arg.0=HCERTSTORE,hCollectionStore
func.CertAddStoreToCollection.arg.1=HCERTSTORE,hSiblingStore
func.CertAddStoreToCollection.arg.2=DWORD,dwUpdateFlags
func.CertAddStoreToCollection.arg.3=DWORD,dwPriority
func.CertAddStoreToCollection.ret=BOOL

CertAlgIdToOID=func
func.CertAlgIdToOID.args=1
func.CertAlgIdToOID.arg.0=DWORD,dwAlgId
func.CertAlgIdToOID.ret=LPCSTR

CertCloseServerOcspResponse=func
func.CertCloseServerOcspResponse.args=2
func.CertCloseServerOcspResponse.arg.0=HCERT_SERVER_OCSP_RESPONSE,hServerOcspResponse
func.CertCloseServerOcspResponse.arg.1=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CertCloseServerOcspResponse.ret=VOID

CertCloseStore=func
func.CertCloseStore.args=2
func.CertCloseStore.arg.0=HCERTSTORE,hCertStore
func.CertCloseStore.arg.1=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CertCloseStore.ret=BOOL

CertCompareCertificate=func
func.CertCompareCertificate.args=3
func.CertCompareCertificate.arg.0=DWORD,dwCertEncodingType
func.CertCompareCertificate.arg.1=PCERT_INFO,pCertId1
func.CertCompareCertificate.arg.2=PCERT_INFO,pCertId2
func.CertCompareCertificate.ret=BOOL

CertCompareCertificateName=func
func.CertCompareCertificateName.args=3
func.CertCompareCertificateName.arg.0=DWORD,dwCertEncodingType
func.CertCompareCertificateName.arg.1=PCERT_NAME_BLOB,pCertName1
func.CertCompareCertificateName.arg.2=PCERT_NAME_BLOB,pCertName2
func.CertCompareCertificateName.ret=BOOL

CertComparePublicKeyInfo=func
func.CertComparePublicKeyInfo.args=3
func.CertComparePublicKeyInfo.arg.0=DWORD,dwCertEncodingType
func.CertComparePublicKeyInfo.arg.1=PCERT_PUBLIC_KEY_INFO,pPublicKey1
func.CertComparePublicKeyInfo.arg.2=PCERT_PUBLIC_KEY_INFO,pPublicKey2
func.CertComparePublicKeyInfo.ret=BOOL

CertControlStore=func
func.CertControlStore.args=4
func.CertControlStore.arg.0=HCERTSTORE,hCertStore
func.CertControlStore.arg.1=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CertControlStore.arg.2=DWORD,dwCtrlType
func.CertControlStore.arg.3=void const *,pvCtrlPara
func.CertControlStore.ret=BOOL

CertCreateCRLContext=func
func.CertCreateCRLContext.args=3
func.CertCreateCRLContext.arg.0=DWORD,dwCertEncodingType
func.CertCreateCRLContext.arg.1=const BYTE *,pbCrlEncoded
func.CertCreateCRLContext.arg.2=DWORD,cbCrlEncoded
func.CertCreateCRLContext.ret=PCCRL_CONTEXT

CertCreateCTLContext=func
func.CertCreateCTLContext.args=3
func.CertCreateCTLContext.arg.0=DWORD,dwMsgAndCertEncodingType
func.CertCreateCTLContext.arg.1=const BYTE *,pbCtlEncoded
func.CertCreateCTLContext.arg.2=DWORD,cbCtlEncoded
func.CertCreateCTLContext.ret=PCCTL_CONTEXT

CertCreateCTLEntryFromCertificateContextProperties=func
func.CertCreateCTLEntryFromCertificateContextProperties.args=7
func.CertCreateCTLEntryFromCertificateContextProperties.arg.0=PCCERT_CONTEXT,pCertContext
func.CertCreateCTLEntryFromCertificateContextProperties.arg.1=DWORD,cOptAttr
func.CertCreateCTLEntryFromCertificateContextProperties.arg.2=PCRYPT_ATTRIBUTE,rgOptAttr
func.CertCreateCTLEntryFromCertificateContextProperties.arg.3=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CertCreateCTLEntryFromCertificateContextProperties.arg.4=void *,pvReserved
func.CertCreateCTLEntryFromCertificateContextProperties.arg.5=PCTL_ENTRY,pCtlEntry
func.CertCreateCTLEntryFromCertificateContextProperties.arg.6=DWORD *,pcbCtlEntry
func.CertCreateCTLEntryFromCertificateContextProperties.ret=BOOL

CertCreateCertificateChainEngine=func
func.CertCreateCertificateChainEngine.args=2
func.CertCreateCertificateChainEngine.arg.0=PCERT_CHAIN_ENGINE_CONFIG,pConfig
func.CertCreateCertificateChainEngine.arg.1=HCERTCHAINENGINE *,phChainEngine
func.CertCreateCertificateChainEngine.ret=BOOL

CertCreateCertificateContext=func
func.CertCreateCertificateContext.args=3
func.CertCreateCertificateContext.arg.0=DWORD,dwCertEncodingType
func.CertCreateCertificateContext.arg.1=const BYTE *,pbCertEncoded
func.CertCreateCertificateContext.arg.2=DWORD,cbCertEncoded
func.CertCreateCertificateContext.ret=PCCERT_CONTEXT

CertCreateContext=func
func.CertCreateContext.args=6
func.CertCreateContext.arg.0=DWORD,dwContextType
func.CertCreateContext.arg.1=DWORD,dwEncodingType
func.CertCreateContext.arg.2=const BYTE *,pbEncoded
func.CertCreateContext.arg.3=DWORD,cbEncoded
func.CertCreateContext.arg.4=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CertCreateContext.arg.5=PCERT_CREATE_CONTEXT_PARA,pCreatePara
func.CertCreateContext.ret=const void *

CertCreateSelfSignCertificate=func
func.CertCreateSelfSignCertificate.args=8
func.CertCreateSelfSignCertificate.arg.0=HCRYPTPROV_OR_NCRYPT_KEY_HANDLE,hCryptProvOrNCryptKey
func.CertCreateSelfSignCertificate.arg.1=PCERT_NAME_BLOB,pSubjectIssuerBlob
func.CertCreateSelfSignCertificate.arg.2=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CertCreateSelfSignCertificate.arg.3=PCRYPT_KEY_PROV_INFO,pKeyProvInfo
func.CertCreateSelfSignCertificate.arg.4=PCRYPT_ALGORITHM_IDENTIFIER,pSignatureAlgorithm
func.CertCreateSelfSignCertificate.arg.5=PSYSTEMTIME,pStartTime
func.CertCreateSelfSignCertificate.arg.6=PSYSTEMTIME,pEndTime
func.CertCreateSelfSignCertificate.arg.7=PCERT_EXTENSIONS,pExtensions
func.CertCreateSelfSignCertificate.ret=PCCERT_CONTEXT

CertDeleteCRLFromStore=func
func.CertDeleteCRLFromStore.args=1
func.CertDeleteCRLFromStore.arg.0=PCCRL_CONTEXT,pCrlContext
func.CertDeleteCRLFromStore.ret=BOOL

CertDeleteCTLFromStore=func
func.CertDeleteCTLFromStore.args=1
func.CertDeleteCTLFromStore.arg.0=PCCTL_CONTEXT,pCtlContext
func.CertDeleteCTLFromStore.ret=BOOL

CertDeleteCertificateFromStore=func
func.CertDeleteCertificateFromStore.args=1
func.CertDeleteCertificateFromStore.arg.0=PCCERT_CONTEXT,pCertContext
func.CertDeleteCertificateFromStore.ret=BOOL

CertDuplicateCRLContext=func
func.CertDuplicateCRLContext.args=1
func.CertDuplicateCRLContext.arg.0=PCCRL_CONTEXT,pCrlContext
func.CertDuplicateCRLContext.ret=PCCRL_CONTEXT

CertDuplicateCTLContext=func
func.CertDuplicateCTLContext.args=1
func.CertDuplicateCTLContext.arg.0=PCCTL_CONTEXT,pCtlContext
func.CertDuplicateCTLContext.ret=PCCTL_CONTEXT

CertDuplicateCertificateChain=func
func.CertDuplicateCertificateChain.args=1
func.CertDuplicateCertificateChain.arg.0=PCCERT_CHAIN_CONTEXT,pChainContext
func.CertDuplicateCertificateChain.ret=PCCERT_CHAIN_CONTEXT

CertDuplicateCertificateContext=func
func.CertDuplicateCertificateContext.args=1
func.CertDuplicateCertificateContext.arg.0=PCCERT_CONTEXT,pCertContext
func.CertDuplicateCertificateContext.ret=PCCERT_CONTEXT

CertDuplicateStore=func
func.CertDuplicateStore.args=1
func.CertDuplicateStore.arg.0=HCERTSTORE,hCertStore
func.CertDuplicateStore.ret=HCERTSTORE

CertEnumCRLContextProperties=func
func.CertEnumCRLContextProperties.args=2
func.CertEnumCRLContextProperties.arg.0=PCCRL_CONTEXT,pCrlContext
func.CertEnumCRLContextProperties.arg.1=DWORD,dwPropId
func.CertEnumCRLContextProperties.ret=DWORD

CertEnumCRLsInStore=func
func.CertEnumCRLsInStore.args=2
func.CertEnumCRLsInStore.arg.0=HCERTSTORE,hCertStore
func.CertEnumCRLsInStore.arg.1=PCCRL_CONTEXT,pPrevCrlContext
func.CertEnumCRLsInStore.ret=PCCRL_CONTEXT

CertEnumCTLContextProperties=func
func.CertEnumCTLContextProperties.args=2
func.CertEnumCTLContextProperties.arg.0=PCCTL_CONTEXT,pCtlContext
func.CertEnumCTLContextProperties.arg.1=DWORD,dwPropId
func.CertEnumCTLContextProperties.ret=DWORD

CertEnumCTLsInStore=func
func.CertEnumCTLsInStore.args=2
func.CertEnumCTLsInStore.arg.0=HCERTSTORE,hCertStore
func.CertEnumCTLsInStore.arg.1=PCCTL_CONTEXT,pPrevCtlContext
func.CertEnumCTLsInStore.ret=PCCTL_CONTEXT

CertEnumCertificateContextProperties=func
func.CertEnumCertificateContextProperties.args=2
func.CertEnumCertificateContextProperties.arg.0=PCCERT_CONTEXT,pCertContext
func.CertEnumCertificateContextProperties.arg.1=DWORD,dwPropId
func.CertEnumCertificateContextProperties.ret=DWORD

CertEnumCertificatesInStore=func
func.CertEnumCertificatesInStore.args=2
func.CertEnumCertificatesInStore.arg.0=HCERTSTORE,hCertStore
func.CertEnumCertificatesInStore.arg.1=PCCERT_CONTEXT,pPrevCertContext
func.CertEnumCertificatesInStore.ret=PCCERT_CONTEXT

CertEnumPhysicalStore=func
func.CertEnumPhysicalStore.args=4
func.CertEnumPhysicalStore.arg.0=const void *,pvSystemStore
func.CertEnumPhysicalStore.arg.1=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CertEnumPhysicalStore.arg.2=void *,pvArg
func.CertEnumPhysicalStore.arg.3=PFN_CERT_ENUM_PHYSICAL_STORE,pfnEnum
func.CertEnumPhysicalStore.ret=BOOL

CertEnumSubjectInSortedCTL=func
func.CertEnumSubjectInSortedCTL.args=4
func.CertEnumSubjectInSortedCTL.arg.0=PCCTL_CONTEXT,pCtlContext
func.CertEnumSubjectInSortedCTL.arg.1=void **,ppvNextSubject
func.CertEnumSubjectInSortedCTL.arg.2=PCRYPT_DER_BLOB,pSubjectIdentifier
func.CertEnumSubjectInSortedCTL.arg.3=PCRYPT_DER_BLOB,pEncodedAttributes
func.CertEnumSubjectInSortedCTL.ret=BOOL

CertEnumSystemStore=func
func.CertEnumSystemStore.args=4
func.CertEnumSystemStore.arg.0=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CertEnumSystemStore.arg.1=void *,pvSystemStoreLocationPara
func.CertEnumSystemStore.arg.2=void *,pvArg
func.CertEnumSystemStore.arg.3=PFN_CERT_ENUM_SYSTEM_STORE,pfnEnum
func.CertEnumSystemStore.ret=BOOL

CertEnumSystemStoreLocation=func
func.CertEnumSystemStoreLocation.args=3
func.CertEnumSystemStoreLocation.arg.0=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CertEnumSystemStoreLocation.arg.1=void *,pvArg
func.CertEnumSystemStoreLocation.arg.2=PFN_CERT_ENUM_SYSTEM_STORE_LOCATION,pfnEnum
func.CertEnumSystemStoreLocation.ret=BOOL

CertFindAttribute=func
func.CertFindAttribute.args=3
func.CertFindAttribute.arg.0=LPCSTR,pszObjId
func.CertFindAttribute.arg.1=DWORD,cAttr
func.CertFindAttribute.arg.2=CRYPT_ATTRIBUTE *,rgAttr
func.CertFindAttribute.ret=PCRYPT_ATTRIBUTE

CertFindCRLInStore=func
func.CertFindCRLInStore.args=6
func.CertFindCRLInStore.arg.0=HCERTSTORE,hCertStore
func.CertFindCRLInStore.arg.1=DWORD,dwCertEncodingType
func.CertFindCRLInStore.arg.2=DWORD,dwFindFlags
func.CertFindCRLInStore.arg.3=DWORD,dwFindType
func.CertFindCRLInStore.arg.4=const void *,pvFindPara
func.CertFindCRLInStore.arg.5=PCCRL_CONTEXT,pPrevCrlContext
func.CertFindCRLInStore.ret=PCCRL_CONTEXT

CertFindCTLInStore=func
func.CertFindCTLInStore.args=6
func.CertFindCTLInStore.arg.0=HCERTSTORE,hCertStore
func.CertFindCTLInStore.arg.1=DWORD,dwMsgAndCertEncodingType
func.CertFindCTLInStore.arg.2=DWORD,dwFindFlags
func.CertFindCTLInStore.arg.3=DWORD,dwFindType
func.CertFindCTLInStore.arg.4=const void *,pvFindPara
func.CertFindCTLInStore.arg.5=PCCTL_CONTEXT,pPrevCtlContext
func.CertFindCTLInStore.ret=PCCTL_CONTEXT

CertFindCertificateInCRL=func
func.CertFindCertificateInCRL.args=5
func.CertFindCertificateInCRL.arg.0=PCCERT_CONTEXT,pCert
func.CertFindCertificateInCRL.arg.1=PCCRL_CONTEXT,pCrlContext
func.CertFindCertificateInCRL.arg.2=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CertFindCertificateInCRL.arg.3=void *,pvReserved
func.CertFindCertificateInCRL.arg.4=PCRL_ENTRY *,ppCrlEntry
func.CertFindCertificateInCRL.ret=BOOL

CertFindCertificateInStore=func
func.CertFindCertificateInStore.args=6
func.CertFindCertificateInStore.arg.0=HCERTSTORE,hCertStore
func.CertFindCertificateInStore.arg.1=DWORD,dwCertEncodingType
func.CertFindCertificateInStore.arg.2=DWORD,dwFindFlags
func.CertFindCertificateInStore.arg.3=DWORD,dwFindType
func.CertFindCertificateInStore.arg.4=const void *,pvFindPara
func.CertFindCertificateInStore.arg.5=PCCERT_CONTEXT,pPrevCertContext
func.CertFindCertificateInStore.ret=PCCERT_CONTEXT

CertFindChainInStore=func
func.CertFindChainInStore.args=6
func.CertFindChainInStore.arg.0=HCERTSTORE,hCertStore
func.CertFindChainInStore.arg.1=DWORD,dwCertEncodingType
func.CertFindChainInStore.arg.2=DWORD,dwFindFlags
func.CertFindChainInStore.arg.3=DWORD,dwFindType
func.CertFindChainInStore.arg.4=const void *,pvFindPara
func.CertFindChainInStore.arg.5=PCCERT_CHAIN_CONTEXT,pPrevChainContext
func.CertFindChainInStore.ret=PCCERT_CHAIN_CONTEXT

CertFindExtension=func
func.CertFindExtension.args=3
func.CertFindExtension.arg.0=LPCSTR,pszObjId
func.CertFindExtension.arg.1=DWORD,cExtensions
func.CertFindExtension.arg.2=CERT_EXTENSION *,rgExtensions
func.CertFindExtension.ret=PCERT_EXTENSION

CertFindRDNAttr=func
func.CertFindRDNAttr.args=2
func.CertFindRDNAttr.arg.0=LPCSTR,pszObjId
func.CertFindRDNAttr.arg.1=PCERT_NAME_INFO,pName
func.CertFindRDNAttr.ret=PCERT_RDN_ATTR

CertFindSubjectInCTL=func
func.CertFindSubjectInCTL.args=5
func.CertFindSubjectInCTL.arg.0=DWORD,dwEncodingType
func.CertFindSubjectInCTL.arg.1=DWORD,dwSubjectType
func.CertFindSubjectInCTL.arg.2=void *,pvSubject
func.CertFindSubjectInCTL.arg.3=PCCTL_CONTEXT,pCtlContext
func.CertFindSubjectInCTL.arg.4=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CertFindSubjectInCTL.ret=PCTL_ENTRY

CertFindSubjectInSortedCTL=func
func.CertFindSubjectInSortedCTL.args=5
func.CertFindSubjectInSortedCTL.arg.0=PCRYPT_DATA_BLOB,pSubjectIdentifier
func.CertFindSubjectInSortedCTL.arg.1=PCCTL_CONTEXT,pCtlContext
func.CertFindSubjectInSortedCTL.arg.2=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CertFindSubjectInSortedCTL.arg.3=void *,pvReserved
func.CertFindSubjectInSortedCTL.arg.4=PCRYPT_DER_BLOB,pEncodedAttributes
func.CertFindSubjectInSortedCTL.ret=BOOL

CertFreeCRLContext=func
func.CertFreeCRLContext.args=1
func.CertFreeCRLContext.arg.0=PCCRL_CONTEXT,pCrlContext
func.CertFreeCRLContext.ret=BOOL

CertFreeCTLContext=func
func.CertFreeCTLContext.args=1
func.CertFreeCTLContext.arg.0=PCCTL_CONTEXT,pCtlContext
func.CertFreeCTLContext.ret=BOOL

CertFreeCertificateChain=func
func.CertFreeCertificateChain.args=1
func.CertFreeCertificateChain.arg.0=PCCERT_CHAIN_CONTEXT,pChainContext
func.CertFreeCertificateChain.ret=VOID

CertFreeCertificateChainEngine=func
func.CertFreeCertificateChainEngine.args=1
func.CertFreeCertificateChainEngine.arg.0=HCERTCHAINENGINE,hChainEngine
func.CertFreeCertificateChainEngine.ret=VOID

CertFreeCertificateChainList=func
func.CertFreeCertificateChainList.args=1
func.CertFreeCertificateChainList.arg.0=PCCERT_CHAIN_CONTEXT *,prgpSelection
func.CertFreeCertificateChainList.ret=VOID

CertFreeCertificateContext=func
func.CertFreeCertificateContext.args=1
func.CertFreeCertificateContext.arg.0=PCCERT_CONTEXT,pCertContext
func.CertFreeCertificateContext.ret=BOOL

CertFreeServerOcspResponseContext=func
func.CertFreeServerOcspResponseContext.args=1
func.CertFreeServerOcspResponseContext.arg.0=PCCERT_SERVER_OCSP_RESPONSE_CONTEXT,pServerOcspResponseContext
func.CertFreeServerOcspResponseContext.ret=VOID

CertGetCRLContextProperty=func
func.CertGetCRLContextProperty.args=4
func.CertGetCRLContextProperty.arg.0=PCCRL_CONTEXT,pCrlContext
func.CertGetCRLContextProperty.arg.1=DWORD,dwPropId
func.CertGetCRLContextProperty.arg.2=void *,pvData
func.CertGetCRLContextProperty.arg.3=DWORD *,pcbData
func.CertGetCRLContextProperty.ret=BOOL

CertGetCRLFromStore=func
func.CertGetCRLFromStore.args=4
func.CertGetCRLFromStore.arg.0=HCERTSTORE,hCertStore
func.CertGetCRLFromStore.arg.1=PCCERT_CONTEXT,pIssuerContext
func.CertGetCRLFromStore.arg.2=PCCRL_CONTEXT,pPrevCrlContext
func.CertGetCRLFromStore.arg.3=DWORD *,pdwFlags
func.CertGetCRLFromStore.ret=PCCRL_CONTEXT

CertGetCTLContextProperty=func
func.CertGetCTLContextProperty.args=4
func.CertGetCTLContextProperty.arg.0=PCCTL_CONTEXT,pCtlContext
func.CertGetCTLContextProperty.arg.1=DWORD,dwPropId
func.CertGetCTLContextProperty.arg.2=void *,pvData
func.CertGetCTLContextProperty.arg.3=DWORD *,pcbData
func.CertGetCTLContextProperty.ret=BOOL

CertGetCertificateChain=func
func.CertGetCertificateChain.args=8
func.CertGetCertificateChain.arg.0=HCERTCHAINENGINE,hChainEngine
func.CertGetCertificateChain.arg.1=PCCERT_CONTEXT,pCertContext
func.CertGetCertificateChain.arg.2=LPFILETIME,pTime
func.CertGetCertificateChain.arg.3=HCERTSTORE,hAdditionalStore
func.CertGetCertificateChain.arg.4=PCERT_CHAIN_PARA,pChainPara
func.CertGetCertificateChain.arg.5=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CertGetCertificateChain.arg.6=LPVOID,pvReserved
func.CertGetCertificateChain.arg.7=PCCERT_CHAIN_CONTEXT *,ppChainContext
func.CertGetCertificateChain.ret=BOOL

CertGetCertificateContextProperty=func
func.CertGetCertificateContextProperty.args=4
func.CertGetCertificateContextProperty.arg.0=PCCERT_CONTEXT,pCertContext
func.CertGetCertificateContextProperty.arg.1=DWORD,dwPropId
func.CertGetCertificateContextProperty.arg.2=void *,pvData
func.CertGetCertificateContextProperty.arg.3=DWORD *,pcbData
func.CertGetCertificateContextProperty.ret=BOOL

CertGetEnhancedKeyUsage=func
func.CertGetEnhancedKeyUsage.args=4
func.CertGetEnhancedKeyUsage.arg.0=PCCERT_CONTEXT,pCertContext
func.CertGetEnhancedKeyUsage.arg.1=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CertGetEnhancedKeyUsage.arg.2=PCERT_ENHKEY_USAGE,pUsage
func.CertGetEnhancedKeyUsage.arg.3=DWORD *,pcbUsage
func.CertGetEnhancedKeyUsage.ret=BOOL

CertGetIntendedKeyUsage=func
func.CertGetIntendedKeyUsage.args=4
func.CertGetIntendedKeyUsage.arg.0=DWORD,dwCertEncodingType
func.CertGetIntendedKeyUsage.arg.1=PCERT_INFO,pCertInfo
func.CertGetIntendedKeyUsage.arg.2=BYTE *,pbKeyUsage
func.CertGetIntendedKeyUsage.arg.3=DWORD,cbKeyUsage
func.CertGetIntendedKeyUsage.ret=BOOL

CertGetIssuerCertificateFromStore=func
func.CertGetIssuerCertificateFromStore.args=4
func.CertGetIssuerCertificateFromStore.arg.0=HCERTSTORE,hCertStore
func.CertGetIssuerCertificateFromStore.arg.1=PCCERT_CONTEXT,pSubjectContext
func.CertGetIssuerCertificateFromStore.arg.2=PCCERT_CONTEXT,pPrevIssuerContext
func.CertGetIssuerCertificateFromStore.arg.3=DWORD *,pdwFlags
func.CertGetIssuerCertificateFromStore.ret=PCCERT_CONTEXT

CertGetNameStringA=func
func.CertGetNameStringA.args=6
func.CertGetNameStringA.arg.0=PCCERT_CONTEXT,pCertContext
func.CertGetNameStringA.arg.1=DWORD,dwType
func.CertGetNameStringA.arg.2=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CertGetNameStringA.arg.3=void *,pvTypePara
func.CertGetNameStringA.arg.4=LPSTR,pszNameString
func.CertGetNameStringA.arg.5=DWORD,cchNameString
func.CertGetNameStringA.ret=DWORD

CertGetNameStringW=func
func.CertGetNameStringW.args=6
func.CertGetNameStringW.arg.0=PCCERT_CONTEXT,pCertContext
func.CertGetNameStringW.arg.1=DWORD,dwType
func.CertGetNameStringW.arg.2=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CertGetNameStringW.arg.3=void *,pvTypePara
func.CertGetNameStringW.arg.4=LPWSTR,pszNameString
func.CertGetNameStringW.arg.5=DWORD,cchNameString
func.CertGetNameStringW.ret=DWORD

CertGetPublicKeyLength=func
func.CertGetPublicKeyLength.args=2
func.CertGetPublicKeyLength.arg.0=DWORD,dwCertEncodingType
func.CertGetPublicKeyLength.arg.1=PCERT_PUBLIC_KEY_INFO,pPublicKey
func.CertGetPublicKeyLength.ret=DWORD

CertGetServerOcspResponseContext=func
func.CertGetServerOcspResponseContext.args=3
func.CertGetServerOcspResponseContext.arg.0=HCERT_SERVER_OCSP_RESPONSE,hServerOcspResponse
func.CertGetServerOcspResponseContext.arg.1=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CertGetServerOcspResponseContext.arg.2=LPVOID,pvReserved
func.CertGetServerOcspResponseContext.ret=PCCERT_SERVER_OCSP_RESPONSE_CONTEXT

CertGetStoreProperty=func
func.CertGetStoreProperty.args=4
func.CertGetStoreProperty.arg.0=HCERTSTORE,hCertStore
func.CertGetStoreProperty.arg.1=DWORD,dwPropId
func.CertGetStoreProperty.arg.2=void *,pvData
func.CertGetStoreProperty.arg.3=DWORD *,pcbData
func.CertGetStoreProperty.ret=BOOL

CertGetSubjectCertificateFromStore=func
func.CertGetSubjectCertificateFromStore.args=3
func.CertGetSubjectCertificateFromStore.arg.0=HCERTSTORE,hCertStore
func.CertGetSubjectCertificateFromStore.arg.1=DWORD,dwCertEncodingType
func.CertGetSubjectCertificateFromStore.arg.2=PCERT_INFO,pCertId
func.CertGetSubjectCertificateFromStore.ret=PCCERT_CONTEXT

CertGetValidUsages=func
func.CertGetValidUsages.args=5
func.CertGetValidUsages.arg.0=DWORD,cCerts
func.CertGetValidUsages.arg.1=PCCERT_CONTEXT *,rghCerts
func.CertGetValidUsages.arg.2=int *,cNumOIDs
func.CertGetValidUsages.arg.3=LPSTR *,rghOIDs
func.CertGetValidUsages.arg.4=DWORD *,pcbOIDs
func.CertGetValidUsages.ret=BOOL

CertIsRDNAttrsInCertificateName=func
func.CertIsRDNAttrsInCertificateName.args=4
func.CertIsRDNAttrsInCertificateName.arg.0=DWORD,dwCertEncodingType
func.CertIsRDNAttrsInCertificateName.arg.1=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CertIsRDNAttrsInCertificateName.arg.2=PCERT_NAME_BLOB,pCertName
func.CertIsRDNAttrsInCertificateName.arg.3=PCERT_RDN,pRDN
func.CertIsRDNAttrsInCertificateName.ret=BOOL

CertIsStrongHashToSign=func
func.CertIsStrongHashToSign.args=3
func.CertIsStrongHashToSign.arg.0=PCCERT_STRONG_SIGN_PARA,pStrongSignPara
func.CertIsStrongHashToSign.arg.1=LPCWSTR,pwszCNGHashAlgid
func.CertIsStrongHashToSign.arg.2=PCCERT_CONTEXT,pSigningCert
func.CertIsStrongHashToSign.ret=BOOL

CertIsValidCRLForCertificate=func
func.CertIsValidCRLForCertificate.args=4
func.CertIsValidCRLForCertificate.arg.0=PCCERT_CONTEXT,pCert
func.CertIsValidCRLForCertificate.arg.1=PCCRL_CONTEXT,pCrl
func.CertIsValidCRLForCertificate.arg.2=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CertIsValidCRLForCertificate.arg.3=void *,pvReserved
func.CertIsValidCRLForCertificate.ret=BOOL

CertIsWeakHash=func
func.CertIsWeakHash.args=6
func.CertIsWeakHash.arg.0=DWORD,dwHashUseType
func.CertIsWeakHash.arg.1=LPCWSTR,pwszCNGHashAlgid
func.CertIsWeakHash.arg.2=DWORD,dwChainFlags
func.CertIsWeakHash.arg.3=PCCERT_CHAIN_CONTEXT,pSignerChainContext
func.CertIsWeakHash.arg.4=LPFILETIME,pTimeStamp
func.CertIsWeakHash.arg.5=LPCWSTR,pwszFileName
func.CertIsWeakHash.ret=BOOL

CertNameToStrA=func
func.CertNameToStrA.args=5
func.CertNameToStrA.arg.0=DWORD,dwCertEncodingType
func.CertNameToStrA.arg.1=PCERT_NAME_BLOB,pName
func.CertNameToStrA.arg.2=DWORD,dwStrType
func.CertNameToStrA.arg.3=LPSTR,psz
func.CertNameToStrA.arg.4=DWORD,csz
func.CertNameToStrA.ret=DWORD

CertNameToStrW=func
func.CertNameToStrW.args=5
func.CertNameToStrW.arg.0=DWORD,dwCertEncodingType
func.CertNameToStrW.arg.1=PCERT_NAME_BLOB,pName
func.CertNameToStrW.arg.2=DWORD,dwStrType
func.CertNameToStrW.arg.3=LPWSTR,psz
func.CertNameToStrW.arg.4=DWORD,csz
func.CertNameToStrW.ret=DWORD

CertOIDToAlgId=func
func.CertOIDToAlgId.args=1
func.CertOIDToAlgId.arg.0=LPCSTR,pszObjId
func.CertOIDToAlgId.ret=DWORD

CertOpenServerOcspResponse=func
func.CertOpenServerOcspResponse.args=3
func.CertOpenServerOcspResponse.arg.0=PCCERT_CHAIN_CONTEXT,pChainContext
func.CertOpenServerOcspResponse.arg.1=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CertOpenServerOcspResponse.arg.2=PCERT_SERVER_OCSP_RESPONSE_OPEN_PARA,pOpenPara
func.CertOpenServerOcspResponse.ret=HCERT_SERVER_OCSP_RESPONSE

CertOpenStore=func
func.CertOpenStore.args=5
func.CertOpenStore.arg.0=LPCSTR,lpszStoreProvider
func.CertOpenStore.arg.1=DWORD,dwEncodingType
func.CertOpenStore.arg.2=HCRYPTPROV_LEGACY,hCryptProv
func.CertOpenStore.arg.3=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CertOpenStore.arg.4=const void *,pvPara
func.CertOpenStore.ret=HCERTSTORE

CertOpenSystemStoreA=func
func.CertOpenSystemStoreA.args=2
func.CertOpenSystemStoreA.arg.0=HCRYPTPROV_LEGACY,hProv
func.CertOpenSystemStoreA.arg.1=LPCSTR,szSubsystemProtocol
func.CertOpenSystemStoreA.ret=HCERTSTORE

CertOpenSystemStoreW=func
func.CertOpenSystemStoreW.args=2
func.CertOpenSystemStoreW.arg.0=HCRYPTPROV_LEGACY,hProv
func.CertOpenSystemStoreW.arg.1=LPCWSTR,szSubsystemProtocol
func.CertOpenSystemStoreW.ret=HCERTSTORE

CertRDNValueToStrA=func
func.CertRDNValueToStrA.args=4
func.CertRDNValueToStrA.arg.0=DWORD,dwValueType
func.CertRDNValueToStrA.arg.1=PCERT_RDN_VALUE_BLOB,pValue
func.CertRDNValueToStrA.arg.2=LPSTR,psz
func.CertRDNValueToStrA.arg.3=DWORD,csz
func.CertRDNValueToStrA.ret=DWORD

CertRDNValueToStrW=func
func.CertRDNValueToStrW.args=4
func.CertRDNValueToStrW.arg.0=DWORD,dwValueType
func.CertRDNValueToStrW.arg.1=PCERT_RDN_VALUE_BLOB,pValue
func.CertRDNValueToStrW.arg.2=LPWSTR,psz
func.CertRDNValueToStrW.arg.3=DWORD,csz
func.CertRDNValueToStrW.ret=DWORD

CertRegisterPhysicalStore=func
func.CertRegisterPhysicalStore.args=5
func.CertRegisterPhysicalStore.arg.0=const void *,pvSystemStore
func.CertRegisterPhysicalStore.arg.1=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CertRegisterPhysicalStore.arg.2=LPCWSTR,pwszStoreName
func.CertRegisterPhysicalStore.arg.3=PCERT_PHYSICAL_STORE_INFO,pStoreInfo
func.CertRegisterPhysicalStore.arg.4=void *,pvReserved
func.CertRegisterPhysicalStore.ret=BOOL

CertRegisterSystemStore=func
func.CertRegisterSystemStore.args=4
func.CertRegisterSystemStore.arg.0=const void *,pvSystemStore
func.CertRegisterSystemStore.arg.1=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CertRegisterSystemStore.arg.2=PCERT_SYSTEM_STORE_INFO,pStoreInfo
func.CertRegisterSystemStore.arg.3=void *,pvReserved
func.CertRegisterSystemStore.ret=BOOL

CertRemoveEnhancedKeyUsageIdentifier=func
func.CertRemoveEnhancedKeyUsageIdentifier.args=2
func.CertRemoveEnhancedKeyUsageIdentifier.arg.0=PCCERT_CONTEXT,pCertContext
func.CertRemoveEnhancedKeyUsageIdentifier.arg.1=LPCSTR,pszUsageIdentifier
func.CertRemoveEnhancedKeyUsageIdentifier.ret=BOOL

CertRemoveStoreFromCollection=func
func.CertRemoveStoreFromCollection.args=2
func.CertRemoveStoreFromCollection.arg.0=HCERTSTORE,hCollectionStore
func.CertRemoveStoreFromCollection.arg.1=HCERTSTORE,hSiblingStore
func.CertRemoveStoreFromCollection.ret=void

CertResyncCertificateChainEngine=func
func.CertResyncCertificateChainEngine.args=1
func.CertResyncCertificateChainEngine.arg.0=HCERTCHAINENGINE,hChainEngine
func.CertResyncCertificateChainEngine.ret=BOOL

CertRetrieveLogoOrBiometricInfo=func
func.CertRetrieveLogoOrBiometricInfo.args=9
func.CertRetrieveLogoOrBiometricInfo.arg.0=PCCERT_CONTEXT,pCertContext
func.CertRetrieveLogoOrBiometricInfo.arg.1=LPCSTR,lpszLogoOrBiometricType
func.CertRetrieveLogoOrBiometricInfo.arg.2=DWORD,dwRetrievalFlags
func.CertRetrieveLogoOrBiometricInfo.arg.3=DWORD,dwTimeout
func.CertRetrieveLogoOrBiometricInfo.arg.4=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CertRetrieveLogoOrBiometricInfo.arg.5=void *,pvReserved
func.CertRetrieveLogoOrBiometricInfo.arg.6=BYTE **,ppbData
func.CertRetrieveLogoOrBiometricInfo.arg.7=DWORD *,pcbData
func.CertRetrieveLogoOrBiometricInfo.arg.8=LPWSTR *,ppwszMimeType
func.CertRetrieveLogoOrBiometricInfo.ret=BOOL

CertSaveStore=func
func.CertSaveStore.args=6
func.CertSaveStore.arg.0=HCERTSTORE,hCertStore
func.CertSaveStore.arg.1=DWORD,dwEncodingType
func.CertSaveStore.arg.2=DWORD,dwSaveAs
func.CertSaveStore.arg.3=DWORD,dwSaveTo
func.CertSaveStore.arg.4=void *,pvSaveToPara
func.CertSaveStore.arg.5=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CertSaveStore.ret=BOOL

CertSelectCertificateChains=func
func.CertSelectCertificateChains.args=8
func.CertSelectCertificateChains.arg.0=LPCGUID,pSelectionContext
func.CertSelectCertificateChains.arg.1=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CertSelectCertificateChains.arg.2=PCCERT_SELECT_CHAIN_PARA,pChainParameters
func.CertSelectCertificateChains.arg.3=DWORD,cCriteria
func.CertSelectCertificateChains.arg.4=PCCERT_SELECT_CRITERIA,rgpCriteria
func.CertSelectCertificateChains.arg.5=HCERTSTORE,hStore
func.CertSelectCertificateChains.arg.6=PDWORD,pcSelection
func.CertSelectCertificateChains.arg.7=PCCERT_CHAIN_CONTEXT **,pprgpSelection
func.CertSelectCertificateChains.ret=BOOL

CertSerializeCRLStoreElement=func
func.CertSerializeCRLStoreElement.args=4
func.CertSerializeCRLStoreElement.arg.0=PCCRL_CONTEXT,pCrlContext
func.CertSerializeCRLStoreElement.arg.1=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CertSerializeCRLStoreElement.arg.2=BYTE *,pbElement
func.CertSerializeCRLStoreElement.arg.3=DWORD *,pcbElement
func.CertSerializeCRLStoreElement.ret=BOOL

CertSerializeCTLStoreElement=func
func.CertSerializeCTLStoreElement.args=4
func.CertSerializeCTLStoreElement.arg.0=PCCTL_CONTEXT,pCtlContext
func.CertSerializeCTLStoreElement.arg.1=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CertSerializeCTLStoreElement.arg.2=BYTE *,pbElement
func.CertSerializeCTLStoreElement.arg.3=DWORD *,pcbElement
func.CertSerializeCTLStoreElement.ret=BOOL

CertSerializeCertificateStoreElement=func
func.CertSerializeCertificateStoreElement.args=4
func.CertSerializeCertificateStoreElement.arg.0=PCCERT_CONTEXT,pCertContext
func.CertSerializeCertificateStoreElement.arg.1=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CertSerializeCertificateStoreElement.arg.2=BYTE *,pbElement
func.CertSerializeCertificateStoreElement.arg.3=DWORD *,pcbElement
func.CertSerializeCertificateStoreElement.ret=BOOL

CertSetCRLContextProperty=func
func.CertSetCRLContextProperty.args=4
func.CertSetCRLContextProperty.arg.0=PCCRL_CONTEXT,pCrlContext
func.CertSetCRLContextProperty.arg.1=DWORD,dwPropId
func.CertSetCRLContextProperty.arg.2=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CertSetCRLContextProperty.arg.3=const void *,pvData
func.CertSetCRLContextProperty.ret=BOOL

CertSetCTLContextProperty=func
func.CertSetCTLContextProperty.args=4
func.CertSetCTLContextProperty.arg.0=PCCTL_CONTEXT,pCtlContext
func.CertSetCTLContextProperty.arg.1=DWORD,dwPropId
func.CertSetCTLContextProperty.arg.2=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CertSetCTLContextProperty.arg.3=const void *,pvData
func.CertSetCTLContextProperty.ret=BOOL

CertSetCertificateContextPropertiesFromCTLEntry=func
func.CertSetCertificateContextPropertiesFromCTLEntry.args=3
func.CertSetCertificateContextPropertiesFromCTLEntry.arg.0=PCCERT_CONTEXT,pCertContext
func.CertSetCertificateContextPropertiesFromCTLEntry.arg.1=PCTL_ENTRY,pCtlEntry
func.CertSetCertificateContextPropertiesFromCTLEntry.arg.2=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CertSetCertificateContextPropertiesFromCTLEntry.ret=BOOL

CertSetCertificateContextProperty=func
func.CertSetCertificateContextProperty.args=4
func.CertSetCertificateContextProperty.arg.0=PCCERT_CONTEXT,pCertContext
func.CertSetCertificateContextProperty.arg.1=DWORD,dwPropId
func.CertSetCertificateContextProperty.arg.2=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CertSetCertificateContextProperty.arg.3=const void *,pvData
func.CertSetCertificateContextProperty.ret=BOOL

CertSetEnhancedKeyUsage=func
func.CertSetEnhancedKeyUsage.args=2
func.CertSetEnhancedKeyUsage.arg.0=PCCERT_CONTEXT,pCertContext
func.CertSetEnhancedKeyUsage.arg.1=PCERT_ENHKEY_USAGE,pUsage
func.CertSetEnhancedKeyUsage.ret=BOOL

CertSetStoreProperty=func
func.CertSetStoreProperty.args=4
func.CertSetStoreProperty.arg.0=HCERTSTORE,hCertStore
func.CertSetStoreProperty.arg.1=DWORD,dwPropId
func.CertSetStoreProperty.arg.2=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CertSetStoreProperty.arg.3=const void *,pvData
func.CertSetStoreProperty.ret=BOOL

CertStrToNameA=func
func.CertStrToNameA.args=7
func.CertStrToNameA.arg.0=DWORD,dwCertEncodingType
func.CertStrToNameA.arg.1=LPCSTR,pszX500
func.CertStrToNameA.arg.2=DWORD,dwStrType
func.CertStrToNameA.arg.3=void *,pvReserved
func.CertStrToNameA.arg.4=BYTE *,pbEncoded
func.CertStrToNameA.arg.5=DWORD *,pcbEncoded
func.CertStrToNameA.arg.6=LPCSTR *,ppszError
func.CertStrToNameA.ret=BOOL

CertStrToNameW=func
func.CertStrToNameW.args=7
func.CertStrToNameW.arg.0=DWORD,dwCertEncodingType
func.CertStrToNameW.arg.1=LPCWSTR,pszX500
func.CertStrToNameW.arg.2=DWORD,dwStrType
func.CertStrToNameW.arg.3=void *,pvReserved
func.CertStrToNameW.arg.4=BYTE *,pbEncoded
func.CertStrToNameW.arg.5=DWORD *,pcbEncoded
func.CertStrToNameW.arg.6=LPCWSTR *,ppszError
func.CertStrToNameW.ret=BOOL

CertUnregisterPhysicalStore=func
func.CertUnregisterPhysicalStore.args=3
func.CertUnregisterPhysicalStore.arg.0=const void *,pvSystemStore
func.CertUnregisterPhysicalStore.arg.1=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CertUnregisterPhysicalStore.arg.2=LPCWSTR,pwszStoreName
func.CertUnregisterPhysicalStore.ret=BOOL

CertUnregisterSystemStore=func
func.CertUnregisterSystemStore.args=2
func.CertUnregisterSystemStore.arg.0=const void *,pvSystemStore
func.CertUnregisterSystemStore.arg.1=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CertUnregisterSystemStore.ret=BOOL

CertVerifyCRLRevocation=func
func.CertVerifyCRLRevocation.args=4
func.CertVerifyCRLRevocation.arg.0=DWORD,dwCertEncodingType
func.CertVerifyCRLRevocation.arg.1=PCERT_INFO,pCertId
func.CertVerifyCRLRevocation.arg.2=DWORD,cCrlInfo
func.CertVerifyCRLRevocation.arg.3=PCRL_INFO *,rgpCrlInfo
func.CertVerifyCRLRevocation.ret=BOOL

CertVerifyCRLTimeValidity=func
func.CertVerifyCRLTimeValidity.args=2
func.CertVerifyCRLTimeValidity.arg.0=LPFILETIME,pTimeToVerify
func.CertVerifyCRLTimeValidity.arg.1=PCRL_INFO,pCrlInfo
func.CertVerifyCRLTimeValidity.ret=LONG

CertVerifyCTLUsage=func
func.CertVerifyCTLUsage.args=7
func.CertVerifyCTLUsage.arg.0=DWORD,dwEncodingType
func.CertVerifyCTLUsage.arg.1=DWORD,dwSubjectType
func.CertVerifyCTLUsage.arg.2=void *,pvSubject
func.CertVerifyCTLUsage.arg.3=PCTL_USAGE,pSubjectUsage
func.CertVerifyCTLUsage.arg.4=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CertVerifyCTLUsage.arg.5=PCTL_VERIFY_USAGE_PARA,pVerifyUsagePara
func.CertVerifyCTLUsage.arg.6=PCTL_VERIFY_USAGE_STATUS,pVerifyUsageStatus
func.CertVerifyCTLUsage.ret=BOOL

CertVerifyCertificateChainPolicy=func
func.CertVerifyCertificateChainPolicy.args=4
func.CertVerifyCertificateChainPolicy.arg.0=LPCSTR,pszPolicyOID
func.CertVerifyCertificateChainPolicy.arg.1=PCCERT_CHAIN_CONTEXT,pChainContext
func.CertVerifyCertificateChainPolicy.arg.2=PCERT_CHAIN_POLICY_PARA,pPolicyPara
func.CertVerifyCertificateChainPolicy.arg.3=PCERT_CHAIN_POLICY_STATUS,pPolicyStatus
func.CertVerifyCertificateChainPolicy.ret=BOOL

CertVerifyRevocation=func
func.CertVerifyRevocation.args=7
func.CertVerifyRevocation.arg.0=DWORD,dwEncodingType
func.CertVerifyRevocation.arg.1=DWORD,dwRevType
func.CertVerifyRevocation.arg.2=DWORD,cContext
func.CertVerifyRevocation.arg.3=PVOID *,rgpvContext
func.CertVerifyRevocation.arg.4=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CertVerifyRevocation.arg.5=PCERT_REVOCATION_PARA,pRevPara
func.CertVerifyRevocation.arg.6=PCERT_REVOCATION_STATUS,pRevStatus
func.CertVerifyRevocation.ret=BOOL

CertVerifySubjectCertificateContext=func
func.CertVerifySubjectCertificateContext.args=3
func.CertVerifySubjectCertificateContext.arg.0=PCCERT_CONTEXT,pSubject
func.CertVerifySubjectCertificateContext.arg.1=PCCERT_CONTEXT,pIssuer
func.CertVerifySubjectCertificateContext.arg.2=DWORD *,pdwFlags
func.CertVerifySubjectCertificateContext.ret=BOOL

CertVerifyTimeValidity=func
func.CertVerifyTimeValidity.args=2
func.CertVerifyTimeValidity.arg.0=LPFILETIME,pTimeToVerify
func.CertVerifyTimeValidity.arg.1=PCERT_INFO,pCertInfo
func.CertVerifyTimeValidity.ret=LONG

CertVerifyValidityNesting=func
func.CertVerifyValidityNesting.args=2
func.CertVerifyValidityNesting.arg.0=PCERT_INFO,pSubjectInfo
func.CertVerifyValidityNesting.arg.1=PCERT_INFO,pIssuerInfo
func.CertVerifyValidityNesting.ret=BOOL

CryptAcquireCertificatePrivateKey=func
func.CryptAcquireCertificatePrivateKey.args=6
func.CryptAcquireCertificatePrivateKey.arg.0=PCCERT_CONTEXT,pCert
func.CryptAcquireCertificatePrivateKey.arg.1=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptAcquireCertificatePrivateKey.arg.2=void *,pvParameters
func.CryptAcquireCertificatePrivateKey.arg.3=HCRYPTPROV_OR_NCRYPT_KEY_HANDLE *,phCryptProvOrNCryptKey
func.CryptAcquireCertificatePrivateKey.arg.4=DWORD *,pdwKeySpec
func.CryptAcquireCertificatePrivateKey.arg.5=BOOL *,pfCallerFreeProvOrNCryptKey
func.CryptAcquireCertificatePrivateKey.ret=BOOL

CryptAcquireContextA=func
func.CryptAcquireContextA.args=5
func.CryptAcquireContextA.arg.0=HCRYPTPROV *,phProv
func.CryptAcquireContextA.arg.1=LPCSTR,szContainer
func.CryptAcquireContextA.arg.2=LPCSTR,szProvider
func.CryptAcquireContextA.arg.3=DWORD,dwProvType
func.CryptAcquireContextA.arg.4=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptAcquireContextA.ret=BOOL

CryptAcquireContextW=func
func.CryptAcquireContextW.args=5
func.CryptAcquireContextW.arg.0=HCRYPTPROV *,phProv
func.CryptAcquireContextW.arg.1=LPCWSTR,szContainer
func.CryptAcquireContextW.arg.2=LPCWSTR,szProvider
func.CryptAcquireContextW.arg.3=DWORD,dwProvType
func.CryptAcquireContextW.arg.4=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptAcquireContextW.ret=BOOL

CryptBinaryToStringA=func
func.CryptBinaryToStringA.args=5
func.CryptBinaryToStringA.arg.0=const BYTE *,pbBinary
func.CryptBinaryToStringA.arg.1=DWORD,cbBinary
func.CryptBinaryToStringA.arg.2=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptBinaryToStringA.arg.3=LPSTR,pszString
func.CryptBinaryToStringA.arg.4=DWORD *,pcchString
func.CryptBinaryToStringA.ret=BOOL

CryptBinaryToStringW=func
func.CryptBinaryToStringW.args=5
func.CryptBinaryToStringW.arg.0=const BYTE *,pbBinary
func.CryptBinaryToStringW.arg.1=DWORD,cbBinary
func.CryptBinaryToStringW.arg.2=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptBinaryToStringW.arg.3=LPWSTR,pszString
func.CryptBinaryToStringW.arg.4=DWORD *,pcchString
func.CryptBinaryToStringW.ret=BOOL

CryptCancelAsyncRetrieval=func
func.CryptCancelAsyncRetrieval.args=1
func.CryptCancelAsyncRetrieval.arg.0=HCRYPTASYNC,hAsyncRetrieval
func.CryptCancelAsyncRetrieval.ret=BOOL

CryptCloseAsyncHandle=func
func.CryptCloseAsyncHandle.args=1
func.CryptCloseAsyncHandle.arg.0=HCRYPTASYNC,hAsync
func.CryptCloseAsyncHandle.ret=BOOL

CryptContextAddRef=func
func.CryptContextAddRef.args=3
func.CryptContextAddRef.arg.0=HCRYPTPROV,hProv
func.CryptContextAddRef.arg.1=DWORD *,pdwReserved
func.CryptContextAddRef.arg.2=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptContextAddRef.ret=BOOL

CryptCreateAsyncHandle=func
func.CryptCreateAsyncHandle.args=2
func.CryptCreateAsyncHandle.arg.0=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptCreateAsyncHandle.arg.1=PHCRYPTASYNC,phAsync
func.CryptCreateAsyncHandle.ret=BOOL

CryptCreateHash=func
func.CryptCreateHash.args=5
func.CryptCreateHash.arg.0=HCRYPTPROV,hProv
func.CryptCreateHash.arg.1=ALG_ID,Algid
func.CryptCreateHash.arg.2=HCRYPTKEY,hKey
func.CryptCreateHash.arg.3=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptCreateHash.arg.4=HCRYPTHASH *,phHash
func.CryptCreateHash.ret=BOOL

CryptCreateKeyIdentifierFromCSP=func
func.CryptCreateKeyIdentifierFromCSP.args=8
func.CryptCreateKeyIdentifierFromCSP.arg.0=DWORD,dwCertEncodingType
func.CryptCreateKeyIdentifierFromCSP.arg.1=LPCSTR,pszPubKeyOID
func.CryptCreateKeyIdentifierFromCSP.arg.2=const PUBLICKEYSTRUC *,pPubKeyStruc
func.CryptCreateKeyIdentifierFromCSP.arg.3=DWORD,cbPubKeyStruc
func.CryptCreateKeyIdentifierFromCSP.arg.4=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptCreateKeyIdentifierFromCSP.arg.5=void *,pvReserved
func.CryptCreateKeyIdentifierFromCSP.arg.6=BYTE *,pbHash
func.CryptCreateKeyIdentifierFromCSP.arg.7=DWORD *,pcbHash
func.CryptCreateKeyIdentifierFromCSP.ret=BOOL

CryptDecodeMessage=func
func.CryptDecodeMessage.args=13
func.CryptDecodeMessage.arg.0=DWORD,dwMsgTypeFlags
func.CryptDecodeMessage.arg.1=PCRYPT_DECRYPT_MESSAGE_PARA,pDecryptPara
func.CryptDecodeMessage.arg.2=PCRYPT_VERIFY_MESSAGE_PARA,pVerifyPara
func.CryptDecodeMessage.arg.3=DWORD,dwSignerIndex
func.CryptDecodeMessage.arg.4=const BYTE *,pbEncodedBlob
func.CryptDecodeMessage.arg.5=DWORD,cbEncodedBlob
func.CryptDecodeMessage.arg.6=DWORD,dwPrevInnerContentType
func.CryptDecodeMessage.arg.7=DWORD *,pdwMsgType
func.CryptDecodeMessage.arg.8=DWORD *,pdwInnerContentType
func.CryptDecodeMessage.arg.9=BYTE *,pbDecoded
func.CryptDecodeMessage.arg.10=DWORD *,pcbDecoded
func.CryptDecodeMessage.arg.11=PCCERT_CONTEXT *,ppXchgCert
func.CryptDecodeMessage.arg.12=PCCERT_CONTEXT *,ppSignerCert
func.CryptDecodeMessage.ret=BOOL

CryptDecodeObject=func
func.CryptDecodeObject.args=7
func.CryptDecodeObject.arg.0=DWORD,dwCertEncodingType
func.CryptDecodeObject.arg.1=LPCSTR,lpszStructType
func.CryptDecodeObject.arg.2=const BYTE *,pbEncoded
func.CryptDecodeObject.arg.3=DWORD,cbEncoded
func.CryptDecodeObject.arg.4=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptDecodeObject.arg.5=void *,pvStructInfo
func.CryptDecodeObject.arg.6=DWORD *,pcbStructInfo
func.CryptDecodeObject.ret=BOOL

CryptDecodeObjectEx=func
func.CryptDecodeObjectEx.args=8
func.CryptDecodeObjectEx.arg.0=DWORD,dwCertEncodingType
func.CryptDecodeObjectEx.arg.1=LPCSTR,lpszStructType
func.CryptDecodeObjectEx.arg.2=const BYTE *,pbEncoded
func.CryptDecodeObjectEx.arg.3=DWORD,cbEncoded
func.CryptDecodeObjectEx.arg.4=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptDecodeObjectEx.arg.5=PCRYPT_DECODE_PARA,pDecodePara
func.CryptDecodeObjectEx.arg.6=void *,pvStructInfo
func.CryptDecodeObjectEx.arg.7=DWORD *,pcbStructInfo
func.CryptDecodeObjectEx.ret=BOOL

CryptDecrypt=func
func.CryptDecrypt.args=6
func.CryptDecrypt.arg.0=HCRYPTKEY,hKey
func.CryptDecrypt.arg.1=HCRYPTHASH,hHash
func.CryptDecrypt.arg.2=BOOL,Final
func.CryptDecrypt.arg.3=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptDecrypt.arg.4=BYTE *,pbData
func.CryptDecrypt.arg.5=DWORD *,pdwDataLen
func.CryptDecrypt.ret=BOOL

CryptDecryptAndVerifyMessageSignature=func
func.CryptDecryptAndVerifyMessageSignature.args=9
func.CryptDecryptAndVerifyMessageSignature.arg.0=PCRYPT_DECRYPT_MESSAGE_PARA,pDecryptPara
func.CryptDecryptAndVerifyMessageSignature.arg.1=PCRYPT_VERIFY_MESSAGE_PARA,pVerifyPara
func.CryptDecryptAndVerifyMessageSignature.arg.2=DWORD,dwSignerIndex
func.CryptDecryptAndVerifyMessageSignature.arg.3=const BYTE *,pbEncryptedBlob
func.CryptDecryptAndVerifyMessageSignature.arg.4=DWORD,cbEncryptedBlob
func.CryptDecryptAndVerifyMessageSignature.arg.5=BYTE *,pbDecrypted
func.CryptDecryptAndVerifyMessageSignature.arg.6=DWORD *,pcbDecrypted
func.CryptDecryptAndVerifyMessageSignature.arg.7=PCCERT_CONTEXT *,ppXchgCert
func.CryptDecryptAndVerifyMessageSignature.arg.8=PCCERT_CONTEXT *,ppSignerCert
func.CryptDecryptAndVerifyMessageSignature.ret=BOOL

CryptDecryptMessage=func
func.CryptDecryptMessage.args=6
func.CryptDecryptMessage.arg.0=PCRYPT_DECRYPT_MESSAGE_PARA,pDecryptPara
func.CryptDecryptMessage.arg.1=const BYTE *,pbEncryptedBlob
func.CryptDecryptMessage.arg.2=DWORD,cbEncryptedBlob
func.CryptDecryptMessage.arg.3=BYTE *,pbDecrypted
func.CryptDecryptMessage.arg.4=DWORD *,pcbDecrypted
func.CryptDecryptMessage.arg.5=PCCERT_CONTEXT *,ppXchgCert
func.CryptDecryptMessage.ret=BOOL

CryptDeriveKey=func
func.CryptDeriveKey.args=5
func.CryptDeriveKey.arg.0=HCRYPTPROV,hProv
func.CryptDeriveKey.arg.1=ALG_ID,Algid
func.CryptDeriveKey.arg.2=HCRYPTHASH,hBaseData
func.CryptDeriveKey.arg.3=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptDeriveKey.arg.4=HCRYPTKEY *,phKey
func.CryptDeriveKey.ret=BOOL

CryptDestroyHash=func
func.CryptDestroyHash.args=1
func.CryptDestroyHash.arg.0=HCRYPTHASH,hHash
func.CryptDestroyHash.ret=BOOL

CryptDestroyKey=func
func.CryptDestroyKey.args=1
func.CryptDestroyKey.arg.0=HCRYPTKEY,hKey
func.CryptDestroyKey.ret=BOOL

CryptDuplicateHash=func
func.CryptDuplicateHash.args=4
func.CryptDuplicateHash.arg.0=HCRYPTHASH,hHash
func.CryptDuplicateHash.arg.1=DWORD *,pdwReserved
func.CryptDuplicateHash.arg.2=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptDuplicateHash.arg.3=HCRYPTHASH *,phHash
func.CryptDuplicateHash.ret=BOOL

CryptDuplicateKey=func
func.CryptDuplicateKey.args=4
func.CryptDuplicateKey.arg.0=HCRYPTKEY,hKey
func.CryptDuplicateKey.arg.1=DWORD *,pdwReserved
func.CryptDuplicateKey.arg.2=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptDuplicateKey.arg.3=HCRYPTKEY *,phKey
func.CryptDuplicateKey.ret=BOOL

CryptEncodeObject=func
func.CryptEncodeObject.args=5
func.CryptEncodeObject.arg.0=DWORD,dwCertEncodingType
func.CryptEncodeObject.arg.1=LPCSTR,lpszStructType
func.CryptEncodeObject.arg.2=const void *,pvStructInfo
func.CryptEncodeObject.arg.3=BYTE *,pbEncoded
func.CryptEncodeObject.arg.4=DWORD *,pcbEncoded
func.CryptEncodeObject.ret=BOOL

CryptEncodeObjectEx=func
func.CryptEncodeObjectEx.args=7
func.CryptEncodeObjectEx.arg.0=DWORD,dwCertEncodingType
func.CryptEncodeObjectEx.arg.1=LPCSTR,lpszStructType
func.CryptEncodeObjectEx.arg.2=const void *,pvStructInfo
func.CryptEncodeObjectEx.arg.3=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptEncodeObjectEx.arg.4=PCRYPT_ENCODE_PARA,pEncodePara
func.CryptEncodeObjectEx.arg.5=void *,pvEncoded
func.CryptEncodeObjectEx.arg.6=DWORD *,pcbEncoded
func.CryptEncodeObjectEx.ret=BOOL

CryptEncrypt=func
func.CryptEncrypt.args=7
func.CryptEncrypt.arg.0=HCRYPTKEY,hKey
func.CryptEncrypt.arg.1=HCRYPTHASH,hHash
func.CryptEncrypt.arg.2=BOOL,Final
func.CryptEncrypt.arg.3=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptEncrypt.arg.4=BYTE *,pbData
func.CryptEncrypt.arg.5=DWORD *,pdwDataLen
func.CryptEncrypt.arg.6=DWORD,dwBufLen
func.CryptEncrypt.ret=BOOL

CryptEncryptMessage=func
func.CryptEncryptMessage.args=7
func.CryptEncryptMessage.arg.0=PCRYPT_ENCRYPT_MESSAGE_PARA,pEncryptPara
func.CryptEncryptMessage.arg.1=DWORD,cRecipientCert
func.CryptEncryptMessage.arg.2=PCCERT_CONTEXT *,rgpRecipientCert
func.CryptEncryptMessage.arg.3=const BYTE *,pbToBeEncrypted
func.CryptEncryptMessage.arg.4=DWORD,cbToBeEncrypted
func.CryptEncryptMessage.arg.5=BYTE *,pbEncryptedBlob
func.CryptEncryptMessage.arg.6=DWORD *,pcbEncryptedBlob
func.CryptEncryptMessage.ret=BOOL

CryptEnumKeyIdentifierProperties=func
func.CryptEnumKeyIdentifierProperties.args=7
func.CryptEnumKeyIdentifierProperties.arg.0=const CRYPT_HASH_BLOB *,pKeyIdentifier
func.CryptEnumKeyIdentifierProperties.arg.1=DWORD,dwPropId
func.CryptEnumKeyIdentifierProperties.arg.2=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptEnumKeyIdentifierProperties.arg.3=LPCWSTR,pwszComputerName
func.CryptEnumKeyIdentifierProperties.arg.4=void *,pvReserved
func.CryptEnumKeyIdentifierProperties.arg.5=void *,pvArg
func.CryptEnumKeyIdentifierProperties.arg.6=PFN_CRYPT_ENUM_KEYID_PROP,pfnEnum
func.CryptEnumKeyIdentifierProperties.ret=BOOL

CryptEnumOIDFunction=func
func.CryptEnumOIDFunction.args=6
func.CryptEnumOIDFunction.arg.0=DWORD,dwEncodingType
func.CryptEnumOIDFunction.arg.1=LPCSTR,pszFuncName
func.CryptEnumOIDFunction.arg.2=LPCSTR,pszOID
func.CryptEnumOIDFunction.arg.3=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptEnumOIDFunction.arg.4=void *,pvArg
func.CryptEnumOIDFunction.arg.5=PFN_CRYPT_ENUM_OID_FUNC,pfnEnumOIDFunc
func.CryptEnumOIDFunction.ret=BOOL

CryptEnumOIDInfo=func
func.CryptEnumOIDInfo.args=4
func.CryptEnumOIDInfo.arg.0=DWORD,dwGroupId
func.CryptEnumOIDInfo.arg.1=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptEnumOIDInfo.arg.2=void *,pvArg
func.CryptEnumOIDInfo.arg.3=PFN_CRYPT_ENUM_OID_INFO,pfnEnumOIDInfo
func.CryptEnumOIDInfo.ret=BOOL

CryptEnumProviderTypesA=func
func.CryptEnumProviderTypesA.args=6
func.CryptEnumProviderTypesA.arg.0=DWORD,dwIndex
func.CryptEnumProviderTypesA.arg.1=DWORD *,pdwReserved
func.CryptEnumProviderTypesA.arg.2=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptEnumProviderTypesA.arg.3=DWORD *,pdwProvType
func.CryptEnumProviderTypesA.arg.4=LPSTR,szTypeName
func.CryptEnumProviderTypesA.arg.5=DWORD *,pcbTypeName
func.CryptEnumProviderTypesA.ret=BOOL

CryptEnumProviderTypesW=func
func.CryptEnumProviderTypesW.args=6
func.CryptEnumProviderTypesW.arg.0=DWORD,dwIndex
func.CryptEnumProviderTypesW.arg.1=DWORD *,pdwReserved
func.CryptEnumProviderTypesW.arg.2=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptEnumProviderTypesW.arg.3=DWORD *,pdwProvType
func.CryptEnumProviderTypesW.arg.4=LPWSTR,szTypeName
func.CryptEnumProviderTypesW.arg.5=DWORD *,pcbTypeName
func.CryptEnumProviderTypesW.ret=BOOL

CryptEnumProvidersA=func
func.CryptEnumProvidersA.args=6
func.CryptEnumProvidersA.arg.0=DWORD,dwIndex
func.CryptEnumProvidersA.arg.1=DWORD *,pdwReserved
func.CryptEnumProvidersA.arg.2=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptEnumProvidersA.arg.3=DWORD *,pdwProvType
func.CryptEnumProvidersA.arg.4=LPSTR,szProvName
func.CryptEnumProvidersA.arg.5=DWORD *,pcbProvName
func.CryptEnumProvidersA.ret=BOOL

CryptEnumProvidersW=func
func.CryptEnumProvidersW.args=6
func.CryptEnumProvidersW.arg.0=DWORD,dwIndex
func.CryptEnumProvidersW.arg.1=DWORD *,pdwReserved
func.CryptEnumProvidersW.arg.2=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptEnumProvidersW.arg.3=DWORD *,pdwProvType
func.CryptEnumProvidersW.arg.4=LPWSTR,szProvName
func.CryptEnumProvidersW.arg.5=DWORD *,pcbProvName
func.CryptEnumProvidersW.ret=BOOL

CryptExportKey=func
func.CryptExportKey.args=6
func.CryptExportKey.arg.0=HCRYPTKEY,hKey
func.CryptExportKey.arg.1=HCRYPTKEY,hExpKey
func.CryptExportKey.arg.2=DWORD,dwBlobType
func.CryptExportKey.arg.3=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptExportKey.arg.4=BYTE *,pbData
func.CryptExportKey.arg.5=DWORD *,pdwDataLen
func.CryptExportKey.ret=BOOL

CryptExportPKCS8=func
func.CryptExportPKCS8.args=7
func.CryptExportPKCS8.arg.0=HCRYPTPROV,hCryptProv
func.CryptExportPKCS8.arg.1=DWORD,dwKeySpec
func.CryptExportPKCS8.arg.2=LPSTR,pszPrivateKeyObjId
func.CryptExportPKCS8.arg.3=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptExportPKCS8.arg.4=void *,pvAuxInfo
func.CryptExportPKCS8.arg.5=BYTE *,pbPrivateKeyBlob
func.CryptExportPKCS8.arg.6=DWORD *,pcbPrivateKeyBlob
func.CryptExportPKCS8.ret=BOOL

CryptExportPKCS8Ex=func
func.CryptExportPKCS8Ex.args=5
func.CryptExportPKCS8Ex.arg.0=CRYPT_PKCS8_EXPORT_PARAMS *,psExportParams
func.CryptExportPKCS8Ex.arg.1=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptExportPKCS8Ex.arg.2=void *,pvAuxInfo
func.CryptExportPKCS8Ex.arg.3=BYTE *,pbPrivateKeyBlob
func.CryptExportPKCS8Ex.arg.4=DWORD *,pcbPrivateKeyBlob
func.CryptExportPKCS8Ex.ret=BOOL

CryptExportPublicKeyInfo=func
func.CryptExportPublicKeyInfo.args=5
func.CryptExportPublicKeyInfo.arg.0=HCRYPTPROV_OR_NCRYPT_KEY_HANDLE,hCryptProvOrNCryptKey
func.CryptExportPublicKeyInfo.arg.1=DWORD,dwKeySpec
func.CryptExportPublicKeyInfo.arg.2=DWORD,dwCertEncodingType
func.CryptExportPublicKeyInfo.arg.3=PCERT_PUBLIC_KEY_INFO,pInfo
func.CryptExportPublicKeyInfo.arg.4=DWORD *,pcbInfo
func.CryptExportPublicKeyInfo.ret=BOOL

CryptExportPublicKeyInfoEx=func
func.CryptExportPublicKeyInfoEx.args=8
func.CryptExportPublicKeyInfoEx.arg.0=HCRYPTPROV_OR_NCRYPT_KEY_HANDLE,hCryptProvOrNCryptKey
func.CryptExportPublicKeyInfoEx.arg.1=DWORD,dwKeySpec
func.CryptExportPublicKeyInfoEx.arg.2=DWORD,dwCertEncodingType
func.CryptExportPublicKeyInfoEx.arg.3=LPSTR,pszPublicKeyObjId
func.CryptExportPublicKeyInfoEx.arg.4=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptExportPublicKeyInfoEx.arg.5=void *,pvAuxInfo
func.CryptExportPublicKeyInfoEx.arg.6=PCERT_PUBLIC_KEY_INFO,pInfo
func.CryptExportPublicKeyInfoEx.arg.7=DWORD *,pcbInfo
func.CryptExportPublicKeyInfoEx.ret=BOOL

CryptExportPublicKeyInfoFromBCryptKeyHandle=func
func.CryptExportPublicKeyInfoFromBCryptKeyHandle.args=7
func.CryptExportPublicKeyInfoFromBCryptKeyHandle.arg.0=BCRYPT_KEY_HANDLE,hBCryptKey
func.CryptExportPublicKeyInfoFromBCryptKeyHandle.arg.1=DWORD,dwCertEncodingType
func.CryptExportPublicKeyInfoFromBCryptKeyHandle.arg.2=LPSTR,pszPublicKeyObjId
func.CryptExportPublicKeyInfoFromBCryptKeyHandle.arg.3=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptExportPublicKeyInfoFromBCryptKeyHandle.arg.4=void *,pvAuxInfo
func.CryptExportPublicKeyInfoFromBCryptKeyHandle.arg.5=PCERT_PUBLIC_KEY_INFO,pInfo
func.CryptExportPublicKeyInfoFromBCryptKeyHandle.arg.6=DWORD *,pcbInfo
func.CryptExportPublicKeyInfoFromBCryptKeyHandle.ret=BOOL

CryptFindCertificateKeyProvInfo=func
func.CryptFindCertificateKeyProvInfo.args=3
func.CryptFindCertificateKeyProvInfo.arg.0=PCCERT_CONTEXT,pCert
func.CryptFindCertificateKeyProvInfo.arg.1=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptFindCertificateKeyProvInfo.arg.2=void *,pvReserved
func.CryptFindCertificateKeyProvInfo.ret=BOOL

CryptFindLocalizedName=func
func.CryptFindLocalizedName.args=1
func.CryptFindLocalizedName.arg.0=LPCWSTR,pwszCryptName
func.CryptFindLocalizedName.ret=LPCWSTR

CryptFindOIDInfo=func
func.CryptFindOIDInfo.args=3
func.CryptFindOIDInfo.arg.0=DWORD,dwKeyType
func.CryptFindOIDInfo.arg.1=void *,pvKey
func.CryptFindOIDInfo.arg.2=DWORD,dwGroupId
func.CryptFindOIDInfo.ret=PCCRYPT_OID_INFO

CryptFlushTimeValidObject=func
func.CryptFlushTimeValidObject.args=5
func.CryptFlushTimeValidObject.arg.0=LPCSTR,pszFlushTimeValidOid
func.CryptFlushTimeValidObject.arg.1=LPVOID,pvPara
func.CryptFlushTimeValidObject.arg.2=PCCERT_CONTEXT,pIssuer
func.CryptFlushTimeValidObject.arg.3=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptFlushTimeValidObject.arg.4=LPVOID,pvReserved
func.CryptFlushTimeValidObject.ret=BOOL

CryptFormatObject=func
func.CryptFormatObject.args=9
func.CryptFormatObject.arg.0=DWORD,dwCertEncodingType
func.CryptFormatObject.arg.1=DWORD,dwFormatType
func.CryptFormatObject.arg.2=DWORD,dwFormatStrType
func.CryptFormatObject.arg.3=void *,pFormatStruct
func.CryptFormatObject.arg.4=LPCSTR,lpszStructType
func.CryptFormatObject.arg.5=const BYTE *,pbEncoded
func.CryptFormatObject.arg.6=DWORD,cbEncoded
func.CryptFormatObject.arg.7=void *,pbFormat
func.CryptFormatObject.arg.8=DWORD *,pcbFormat
func.CryptFormatObject.ret=BOOL

CryptFreeOIDFunctionAddress=func
func.CryptFreeOIDFunctionAddress.args=2
func.CryptFreeOIDFunctionAddress.arg.0=HCRYPTOIDFUNCADDR,hFuncAddr
func.CryptFreeOIDFunctionAddress.arg.1=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptFreeOIDFunctionAddress.ret=BOOL

CryptGenKey=func
func.CryptGenKey.args=4
func.CryptGenKey.arg.0=HCRYPTPROV,hProv
func.CryptGenKey.arg.1=ALG_ID,Algid
func.CryptGenKey.arg.2=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptGenKey.arg.3=HCRYPTKEY *,phKey
func.CryptGenKey.ret=BOOL

CryptGenRandom=func
func.CryptGenRandom.args=3
func.CryptGenRandom.arg.0=HCRYPTPROV,hProv
func.CryptGenRandom.arg.1=DWORD,dwLen
func.CryptGenRandom.arg.2=BYTE *,pbBuffer
func.CryptGenRandom.ret=BOOL

CryptGetAsyncParam=func
func.CryptGetAsyncParam.args=4
func.CryptGetAsyncParam.arg.0=HCRYPTASYNC,hAsync
func.CryptGetAsyncParam.arg.1=LPSTR,pszParamOid
func.CryptGetAsyncParam.arg.2=LPVOID *,ppvParam
func.CryptGetAsyncParam.arg.3=PFN_CRYPT_ASYNC_PARAM_FREE_FUNC *,ppfnFree
func.CryptGetAsyncParam.ret=BOOL

CryptGetDefaultOIDDllList=func
func.CryptGetDefaultOIDDllList.args=4
func.CryptGetDefaultOIDDllList.arg.0=HCRYPTOIDFUNCSET,hFuncSet
func.CryptGetDefaultOIDDllList.arg.1=DWORD,dwEncodingType
func.CryptGetDefaultOIDDllList.arg.2=WCHAR *,pwszDllList
func.CryptGetDefaultOIDDllList.arg.3=DWORD *,pcchDllList
func.CryptGetDefaultOIDDllList.ret=BOOL

CryptGetDefaultOIDFunctionAddress=func
func.CryptGetDefaultOIDFunctionAddress.args=6
func.CryptGetDefaultOIDFunctionAddress.arg.0=HCRYPTOIDFUNCSET,hFuncSet
func.CryptGetDefaultOIDFunctionAddress.arg.1=DWORD,dwEncodingType
func.CryptGetDefaultOIDFunctionAddress.arg.2=LPCWSTR,pwszDll
func.CryptGetDefaultOIDFunctionAddress.arg.3=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptGetDefaultOIDFunctionAddress.arg.4=void **,ppvFuncAddr
func.CryptGetDefaultOIDFunctionAddress.arg.5=HCRYPTOIDFUNCADDR *,phFuncAddr
func.CryptGetDefaultOIDFunctionAddress.ret=BOOL

CryptGetDefaultProviderA=func
func.CryptGetDefaultProviderA.args=5
func.CryptGetDefaultProviderA.arg.0=DWORD,dwProvType
func.CryptGetDefaultProviderA.arg.1=DWORD *,pdwReserved
func.CryptGetDefaultProviderA.arg.2=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptGetDefaultProviderA.arg.3=LPSTR,pszProvName
func.CryptGetDefaultProviderA.arg.4=DWORD *,pcbProvName
func.CryptGetDefaultProviderA.ret=BOOL

CryptGetDefaultProviderW=func
func.CryptGetDefaultProviderW.args=5
func.CryptGetDefaultProviderW.arg.0=DWORD,dwProvType
func.CryptGetDefaultProviderW.arg.1=DWORD *,pdwReserved
func.CryptGetDefaultProviderW.arg.2=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptGetDefaultProviderW.arg.3=LPWSTR,pszProvName
func.CryptGetDefaultProviderW.arg.4=DWORD *,pcbProvName
func.CryptGetDefaultProviderW.ret=BOOL

CryptGetHashParam=func
func.CryptGetHashParam.args=5
func.CryptGetHashParam.arg.0=HCRYPTHASH,hHash
func.CryptGetHashParam.arg.1=DWORD,dwParam
func.CryptGetHashParam.arg.2=BYTE *,pbData
func.CryptGetHashParam.arg.3=DWORD *,pdwDataLen
func.CryptGetHashParam.arg.4=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptGetHashParam.ret=BOOL

CryptGetKeyIdentifierProperty=func
func.CryptGetKeyIdentifierProperty.args=7
func.CryptGetKeyIdentifierProperty.arg.0=const CRYPT_HASH_BLOB *,pKeyIdentifier
func.CryptGetKeyIdentifierProperty.arg.1=DWORD,dwPropId
func.CryptGetKeyIdentifierProperty.arg.2=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptGetKeyIdentifierProperty.arg.3=LPCWSTR,pwszComputerName
func.CryptGetKeyIdentifierProperty.arg.4=void *,pvReserved
func.CryptGetKeyIdentifierProperty.arg.5=void *,pvData
func.CryptGetKeyIdentifierProperty.arg.6=DWORD *,pcbData
func.CryptGetKeyIdentifierProperty.ret=BOOL

CryptGetKeyParam=func
func.CryptGetKeyParam.args=5
func.CryptGetKeyParam.arg.0=HCRYPTKEY,hKey
func.CryptGetKeyParam.arg.1=DWORD,dwParam
func.CryptGetKeyParam.arg.2=BYTE *,pbData
func.CryptGetKeyParam.arg.3=DWORD *,pdwDataLen
func.CryptGetKeyParam.arg.4=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptGetKeyParam.ret=BOOL

CryptGetMessageCertificates=func
func.CryptGetMessageCertificates.args=5
func.CryptGetMessageCertificates.arg.0=DWORD,dwMsgAndCertEncodingType
func.CryptGetMessageCertificates.arg.1=HCRYPTPROV_LEGACY,hCryptProv
func.CryptGetMessageCertificates.arg.2=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptGetMessageCertificates.arg.3=const BYTE *,pbSignedBlob
func.CryptGetMessageCertificates.arg.4=DWORD,cbSignedBlob
func.CryptGetMessageCertificates.ret=HCERTSTORE

CryptGetMessageSignerCount=func
func.CryptGetMessageSignerCount.args=3
func.CryptGetMessageSignerCount.arg.0=DWORD,dwMsgEncodingType
func.CryptGetMessageSignerCount.arg.1=const BYTE *,pbSignedBlob
func.CryptGetMessageSignerCount.arg.2=DWORD,cbSignedBlob
func.CryptGetMessageSignerCount.ret=LONG

CryptGetOIDFunctionAddress=func
func.CryptGetOIDFunctionAddress.args=6
func.CryptGetOIDFunctionAddress.arg.0=HCRYPTOIDFUNCSET,hFuncSet
func.CryptGetOIDFunctionAddress.arg.1=DWORD,dwEncodingType
func.CryptGetOIDFunctionAddress.arg.2=LPCSTR,pszOID
func.CryptGetOIDFunctionAddress.arg.3=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptGetOIDFunctionAddress.arg.4=void **,ppvFuncAddr
func.CryptGetOIDFunctionAddress.arg.5=HCRYPTOIDFUNCADDR *,phFuncAddr
func.CryptGetOIDFunctionAddress.ret=BOOL

CryptGetOIDFunctionValue=func
func.CryptGetOIDFunctionValue.args=7
func.CryptGetOIDFunctionValue.arg.0=DWORD,dwEncodingType
func.CryptGetOIDFunctionValue.arg.1=LPCSTR,pszFuncName
func.CryptGetOIDFunctionValue.arg.2=LPCSTR,pszOID
func.CryptGetOIDFunctionValue.arg.3=LPCWSTR,pwszValueName
func.CryptGetOIDFunctionValue.arg.4=DWORD *,pdwValueType
func.CryptGetOIDFunctionValue.arg.5=BYTE *,pbValueData
func.CryptGetOIDFunctionValue.arg.6=DWORD *,pcbValueData
func.CryptGetOIDFunctionValue.ret=BOOL

CryptGetObjectUrl=func
func.CryptGetObjectUrl.args=8
func.CryptGetObjectUrl.arg.0=LPCSTR,pszUrlOid
func.CryptGetObjectUrl.arg.1=LPVOID,pvPara
func.CryptGetObjectUrl.arg.2=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptGetObjectUrl.arg.3=PCRYPT_URL_ARRAY,pUrlArray
func.CryptGetObjectUrl.arg.4=DWORD *,pcbUrlArray
func.CryptGetObjectUrl.arg.5=PCRYPT_URL_INFO,pUrlInfo
func.CryptGetObjectUrl.arg.6=DWORD *,pcbUrlInfo
func.CryptGetObjectUrl.arg.7=LPVOID,pvReserved
func.CryptGetObjectUrl.ret=BOOL

CryptGetProvParam=func
func.CryptGetProvParam.args=5
func.CryptGetProvParam.arg.0=HCRYPTPROV,hProv
func.CryptGetProvParam.arg.1=DWORD,dwParam
func.CryptGetProvParam.arg.2=BYTE *,pbData
func.CryptGetProvParam.arg.3=DWORD *,pdwDataLen
func.CryptGetProvParam.arg.4=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptGetProvParam.ret=BOOL

CryptGetTimeValidObject=func
func.CryptGetTimeValidObject.args=9
func.CryptGetTimeValidObject.arg.0=LPCSTR,pszTimeValidOid
func.CryptGetTimeValidObject.arg.1=LPVOID,pvPara
func.CryptGetTimeValidObject.arg.2=PCCERT_CONTEXT,pIssuer
func.CryptGetTimeValidObject.arg.3=LPFILETIME,pftValidFor
func.CryptGetTimeValidObject.arg.4=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptGetTimeValidObject.arg.5=DWORD,dwTimeout
func.CryptGetTimeValidObject.arg.6=LPVOID *,ppvObject
func.CryptGetTimeValidObject.arg.7=PCRYPT_CREDENTIALS,pCredentials
func.CryptGetTimeValidObject.arg.8=PCRYPT_GET_TIME_VALID_OBJECT_EXTRA_INFO,pExtraInfo
func.CryptGetTimeValidObject.ret=BOOL

CryptGetUserKey=func
func.CryptGetUserKey.args=3
func.CryptGetUserKey.arg.0=HCRYPTPROV,hProv
func.CryptGetUserKey.arg.1=DWORD,dwKeySpec
func.CryptGetUserKey.arg.2=HCRYPTKEY *,phUserKey
func.CryptGetUserKey.ret=BOOL

CryptHashCertificate=func
func.CryptHashCertificate.args=7
func.CryptHashCertificate.arg.0=HCRYPTPROV_LEGACY,hCryptProv
func.CryptHashCertificate.arg.1=ALG_ID,Algid
func.CryptHashCertificate.arg.2=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptHashCertificate.arg.3=const BYTE *,pbEncoded
func.CryptHashCertificate.arg.4=DWORD,cbEncoded
func.CryptHashCertificate.arg.5=BYTE *,pbComputedHash
func.CryptHashCertificate.arg.6=DWORD *,pcbComputedHash
func.CryptHashCertificate.ret=BOOL

CryptHashCertificate2=func
func.CryptHashCertificate2.args=7
func.CryptHashCertificate2.arg.0=LPCWSTR,pwszCNGHashAlgid
func.CryptHashCertificate2.arg.1=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptHashCertificate2.arg.2=void *,pvReserved
func.CryptHashCertificate2.arg.3=const BYTE *,pbEncoded
func.CryptHashCertificate2.arg.4=DWORD,cbEncoded
func.CryptHashCertificate2.arg.5=BYTE *,pbComputedHash
func.CryptHashCertificate2.arg.6=DWORD *,pcbComputedHash
func.CryptHashCertificate2.ret=BOOL

CryptHashData=func
func.CryptHashData.args=4
func.CryptHashData.arg.0=HCRYPTHASH,hHash
func.CryptHashData.arg.1=const BYTE *,pbData
func.CryptHashData.arg.2=DWORD,dwDataLen
func.CryptHashData.arg.3=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptHashData.ret=BOOL

CryptHashMessage=func
func.CryptHashMessage.args=9
func.CryptHashMessage.arg.0=PCRYPT_HASH_MESSAGE_PARA,pHashPara
func.CryptHashMessage.arg.1=BOOL,fDetachedHash
func.CryptHashMessage.arg.2=DWORD,cToBeHashed
func.CryptHashMessage.arg.3=const BYTE **,rgpbToBeHashed
func.CryptHashMessage.arg.4=DWORD *,rgcbToBeHashed
func.CryptHashMessage.arg.5=BYTE *,pbHashedBlob
func.CryptHashMessage.arg.6=DWORD *,pcbHashedBlob
func.CryptHashMessage.arg.7=BYTE *,pbComputedHash
func.CryptHashMessage.arg.8=DWORD *,pcbComputedHash
func.CryptHashMessage.ret=BOOL

CryptHashPublicKeyInfo=func
func.CryptHashPublicKeyInfo.args=7
func.CryptHashPublicKeyInfo.arg.0=HCRYPTPROV_LEGACY,hCryptProv
func.CryptHashPublicKeyInfo.arg.1=ALG_ID,Algid
func.CryptHashPublicKeyInfo.arg.2=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptHashPublicKeyInfo.arg.3=DWORD,dwCertEncodingType
func.CryptHashPublicKeyInfo.arg.4=PCERT_PUBLIC_KEY_INFO,pInfo
func.CryptHashPublicKeyInfo.arg.5=BYTE *,pbComputedHash
func.CryptHashPublicKeyInfo.arg.6=DWORD *,pcbComputedHash
func.CryptHashPublicKeyInfo.ret=BOOL

CryptHashSessionKey=func
func.CryptHashSessionKey.args=3
func.CryptHashSessionKey.arg.0=HCRYPTHASH,hHash
func.CryptHashSessionKey.arg.1=HCRYPTKEY,hKey
func.CryptHashSessionKey.arg.2=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptHashSessionKey.ret=BOOL

CryptHashToBeSigned=func
func.CryptHashToBeSigned.args=6
func.CryptHashToBeSigned.arg.0=HCRYPTPROV_LEGACY,hCryptProv
func.CryptHashToBeSigned.arg.1=DWORD,dwCertEncodingType
func.CryptHashToBeSigned.arg.2=const BYTE *,pbEncoded
func.CryptHashToBeSigned.arg.3=DWORD,cbEncoded
func.CryptHashToBeSigned.arg.4=BYTE *,pbComputedHash
func.CryptHashToBeSigned.arg.5=DWORD *,pcbComputedHash
func.CryptHashToBeSigned.ret=BOOL

CryptImportKey=func
func.CryptImportKey.args=6
func.CryptImportKey.arg.0=HCRYPTPROV,hProv
func.CryptImportKey.arg.1=const BYTE *,pbData
func.CryptImportKey.arg.2=DWORD,dwDataLen
func.CryptImportKey.arg.3=HCRYPTKEY,hPubKey
func.CryptImportKey.arg.4=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptImportKey.arg.5=HCRYPTKEY *,phKey
func.CryptImportKey.ret=BOOL

CryptImportPKCS8=func
func.CryptImportPKCS8.args=4
func.CryptImportPKCS8.arg.0=CRYPT_PKCS8_IMPORT_PARAMS,sPrivateKeyAndParams
func.CryptImportPKCS8.arg.1=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptImportPKCS8.arg.2=HCRYPTPROV *,phCryptProv
func.CryptImportPKCS8.arg.3=void *,pvAuxInfo
func.CryptImportPKCS8.ret=BOOL

CryptImportPublicKeyInfo=func
func.CryptImportPublicKeyInfo.args=4
func.CryptImportPublicKeyInfo.arg.0=HCRYPTPROV,hCryptProv
func.CryptImportPublicKeyInfo.arg.1=DWORD,dwCertEncodingType
func.CryptImportPublicKeyInfo.arg.2=PCERT_PUBLIC_KEY_INFO,pInfo
func.CryptImportPublicKeyInfo.arg.3=HCRYPTKEY *,phKey
func.CryptImportPublicKeyInfo.ret=BOOL

CryptImportPublicKeyInfoEx=func
func.CryptImportPublicKeyInfoEx.args=7
func.CryptImportPublicKeyInfoEx.arg.0=HCRYPTPROV,hCryptProv
func.CryptImportPublicKeyInfoEx.arg.1=DWORD,dwCertEncodingType
func.CryptImportPublicKeyInfoEx.arg.2=PCERT_PUBLIC_KEY_INFO,pInfo
func.CryptImportPublicKeyInfoEx.arg.3=ALG_ID,aiKeyAlg
func.CryptImportPublicKeyInfoEx.arg.4=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptImportPublicKeyInfoEx.arg.5=void *,pvAuxInfo
func.CryptImportPublicKeyInfoEx.arg.6=HCRYPTKEY *,phKey
func.CryptImportPublicKeyInfoEx.ret=BOOL

CryptImportPublicKeyInfoEx2=func
func.CryptImportPublicKeyInfoEx2.args=5
func.CryptImportPublicKeyInfoEx2.arg.0=DWORD,dwCertEncodingType
func.CryptImportPublicKeyInfoEx2.arg.1=PCERT_PUBLIC_KEY_INFO,pInfo
func.CryptImportPublicKeyInfoEx2.arg.2=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptImportPublicKeyInfoEx2.arg.3=void *,pvAuxInfo
func.CryptImportPublicKeyInfoEx2.arg.4=BCRYPT_KEY_HANDLE *,phKey
func.CryptImportPublicKeyInfoEx2.ret=BOOL

CryptInitOIDFunctionSet=func
func.CryptInitOIDFunctionSet.args=2
func.CryptInitOIDFunctionSet.arg.0=LPCSTR,pszFuncName
func.CryptInitOIDFunctionSet.arg.1=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptInitOIDFunctionSet.ret=HCRYPTOIDFUNCSET

CryptInstallCancelRetrieval=func
func.CryptInstallCancelRetrieval.args=4
func.CryptInstallCancelRetrieval.arg.0=PFN_CRYPT_CANCEL_RETRIEVAL,pfnCancel
func.CryptInstallCancelRetrieval.arg.1=const void *,pvArg
func.CryptInstallCancelRetrieval.arg.2=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptInstallCancelRetrieval.arg.3=void *,pvReserved
func.CryptInstallCancelRetrieval.ret=BOOL

CryptInstallDefaultContext=func
func.CryptInstallDefaultContext.args=6
func.CryptInstallDefaultContext.arg.0=HCRYPTPROV,hCryptProv
func.CryptInstallDefaultContext.arg.1=DWORD,dwDefaultType
func.CryptInstallDefaultContext.arg.2=const void *,pvDefaultPara
func.CryptInstallDefaultContext.arg.3=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptInstallDefaultContext.arg.4=void *,pvReserved
func.CryptInstallDefaultContext.arg.5=HCRYPTDEFAULTCONTEXT *,phDefaultContext
func.CryptInstallDefaultContext.ret=BOOL

CryptInstallOIDFunctionAddress=func
func.CryptInstallOIDFunctionAddress.args=6
func.CryptInstallOIDFunctionAddress.arg.0=HMODULE,hModule
func.CryptInstallOIDFunctionAddress.arg.1=DWORD,dwEncodingType
func.CryptInstallOIDFunctionAddress.arg.2=LPCSTR,pszFuncName
func.CryptInstallOIDFunctionAddress.arg.3=DWORD,cFuncEntry
func.CryptInstallOIDFunctionAddress.arg.4=const CRYPT_OID_FUNC_ENTRY *,rgFuncEntry
func.CryptInstallOIDFunctionAddress.arg.5=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptInstallOIDFunctionAddress.ret=BOOL

CryptMemAlloc=func
func.CryptMemAlloc.args=1
func.CryptMemAlloc.arg.0=ULONG,cbSize
func.CryptMemAlloc.ret=LPVOID

CryptMemFree=func
func.CryptMemFree.args=1
func.CryptMemFree.arg.0=LPVOID,pv
func.CryptMemFree.ret=VOID

CryptMemRealloc=func
func.CryptMemRealloc.args=2
func.CryptMemRealloc.arg.0=LPVOID,pv
func.CryptMemRealloc.arg.1=ULONG,cbSize
func.CryptMemRealloc.ret=LPVOID

CryptMsgCalculateEncodedLength=func
func.CryptMsgCalculateEncodedLength.args=6
func.CryptMsgCalculateEncodedLength.arg.0=DWORD,dwMsgEncodingType
func.CryptMsgCalculateEncodedLength.arg.1=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptMsgCalculateEncodedLength.arg.2=DWORD,dwMsgType
func.CryptMsgCalculateEncodedLength.arg.3=void const *,pvMsgEncodeInfo
func.CryptMsgCalculateEncodedLength.arg.4=LPSTR,pszInnerContentObjID
func.CryptMsgCalculateEncodedLength.arg.5=DWORD,cbData
func.CryptMsgCalculateEncodedLength.ret=DWORD

CryptMsgClose=func
func.CryptMsgClose.args=1
func.CryptMsgClose.arg.0=HCRYPTMSG,hCryptMsg
func.CryptMsgClose.ret=BOOL

CryptMsgControl=func
func.CryptMsgControl.args=4
func.CryptMsgControl.arg.0=HCRYPTMSG,hCryptMsg
func.CryptMsgControl.arg.1=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptMsgControl.arg.2=DWORD,dwCtrlType
func.CryptMsgControl.arg.3=void const *,pvCtrlPara
func.CryptMsgControl.ret=BOOL

CryptMsgDuplicate=func
func.CryptMsgDuplicate.args=1
func.CryptMsgDuplicate.arg.0=HCRYPTMSG,hCryptMsg
func.CryptMsgDuplicate.ret=HCRYPTMSG

CryptMsgEncodeAndSignCTL=func
func.CryptMsgEncodeAndSignCTL.args=6
func.CryptMsgEncodeAndSignCTL.arg.0=DWORD,dwMsgEncodingType
func.CryptMsgEncodeAndSignCTL.arg.1=PCTL_INFO,pCtlInfo
func.CryptMsgEncodeAndSignCTL.arg.2=PCMSG_SIGNED_ENCODE_INFO,pSignInfo
func.CryptMsgEncodeAndSignCTL.arg.3=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptMsgEncodeAndSignCTL.arg.4=BYTE *,pbEncoded
func.CryptMsgEncodeAndSignCTL.arg.5=DWORD *,pcbEncoded
func.CryptMsgEncodeAndSignCTL.ret=BOOL

CryptMsgGetAndVerifySigner=func
func.CryptMsgGetAndVerifySigner.args=6
func.CryptMsgGetAndVerifySigner.arg.0=HCRYPTMSG,hCryptMsg
func.CryptMsgGetAndVerifySigner.arg.1=DWORD,cSignerStore
func.CryptMsgGetAndVerifySigner.arg.2=HCERTSTORE *,rghSignerStore
func.CryptMsgGetAndVerifySigner.arg.3=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptMsgGetAndVerifySigner.arg.4=PCCERT_CONTEXT *,ppSigner
func.CryptMsgGetAndVerifySigner.arg.5=DWORD *,pdwSignerIndex
func.CryptMsgGetAndVerifySigner.ret=BOOL

CryptMsgGetParam=func
func.CryptMsgGetParam.args=5
func.CryptMsgGetParam.arg.0=HCRYPTMSG,hCryptMsg
func.CryptMsgGetParam.arg.1=DWORD,dwParamType
func.CryptMsgGetParam.arg.2=DWORD,dwIndex
func.CryptMsgGetParam.arg.3=void *,pvData
func.CryptMsgGetParam.arg.4=DWORD *,pcbData
func.CryptMsgGetParam.ret=BOOL

CryptMsgOpenToDecode=func
func.CryptMsgOpenToDecode.args=6
func.CryptMsgOpenToDecode.arg.0=DWORD,dwMsgEncodingType
func.CryptMsgOpenToDecode.arg.1=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptMsgOpenToDecode.arg.2=DWORD,dwMsgType
func.CryptMsgOpenToDecode.arg.3=HCRYPTPROV_LEGACY,hCryptProv
func.CryptMsgOpenToDecode.arg.4=PCERT_INFO,pRecipientInfo
func.CryptMsgOpenToDecode.arg.5=PCMSG_STREAM_INFO,pStreamInfo
func.CryptMsgOpenToDecode.ret=HCRYPTMSG

CryptMsgOpenToEncode=func
func.CryptMsgOpenToEncode.args=6
func.CryptMsgOpenToEncode.arg.0=DWORD,dwMsgEncodingType
func.CryptMsgOpenToEncode.arg.1=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptMsgOpenToEncode.arg.2=DWORD,dwMsgType
func.CryptMsgOpenToEncode.arg.3=void const *,pvMsgEncodeInfo
func.CryptMsgOpenToEncode.arg.4=LPSTR,pszInnerContentObjID
func.CryptMsgOpenToEncode.arg.5=PCMSG_STREAM_INFO,pStreamInfo
func.CryptMsgOpenToEncode.ret=HCRYPTMSG

CryptMsgSignCTL=func
func.CryptMsgSignCTL.args=7
func.CryptMsgSignCTL.arg.0=DWORD,dwMsgEncodingType
func.CryptMsgSignCTL.arg.1=BYTE *,pbCtlContent
func.CryptMsgSignCTL.arg.2=DWORD,cbCtlContent
func.CryptMsgSignCTL.arg.3=PCMSG_SIGNED_ENCODE_INFO,pSignInfo
func.CryptMsgSignCTL.arg.4=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptMsgSignCTL.arg.5=BYTE *,pbEncoded
func.CryptMsgSignCTL.arg.6=DWORD *,pcbEncoded
func.CryptMsgSignCTL.ret=BOOL

CryptMsgUpdate=func
func.CryptMsgUpdate.args=4
func.CryptMsgUpdate.arg.0=HCRYPTMSG,hCryptMsg
func.CryptMsgUpdate.arg.1=const BYTE *,pbData
func.CryptMsgUpdate.arg.2=DWORD,cbData
func.CryptMsgUpdate.arg.3=BOOL,fFinal
func.CryptMsgUpdate.ret=BOOL

CryptQueryObject=func
func.CryptQueryObject.args=11
func.CryptQueryObject.arg.0=DWORD,dwObjectType
func.CryptQueryObject.arg.1=const void *,pvObject
func.CryptQueryObject.arg.2=DWORD,dwExpectedContentTypeFlags
func.CryptQueryObject.arg.3=DWORD,dwExpectedFormatTypeFlags
func.CryptQueryObject.arg.4=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptQueryObject.arg.5=DWORD *,pdwMsgAndCertEncodingType
func.CryptQueryObject.arg.6=DWORD *,pdwContentType
func.CryptQueryObject.arg.7=DWORD *,pdwFormatType
func.CryptQueryObject.arg.8=HCERTSTORE *,phCertStore
func.CryptQueryObject.arg.9=HCRYPTMSG *,phMsg
func.CryptQueryObject.arg.10=const void **,ppvContext
func.CryptQueryObject.ret=BOOL

CryptRegisterDefaultOIDFunction=func
func.CryptRegisterDefaultOIDFunction.args=4
func.CryptRegisterDefaultOIDFunction.arg.0=DWORD,dwEncodingType
func.CryptRegisterDefaultOIDFunction.arg.1=LPCSTR,pszFuncName
func.CryptRegisterDefaultOIDFunction.arg.2=DWORD,dwIndex
func.CryptRegisterDefaultOIDFunction.arg.3=LPCWSTR,pwszDll
func.CryptRegisterDefaultOIDFunction.ret=BOOL

CryptRegisterOIDFunction=func
func.CryptRegisterOIDFunction.args=5
func.CryptRegisterOIDFunction.arg.0=DWORD,dwEncodingType
func.CryptRegisterOIDFunction.arg.1=LPCSTR,pszFuncName
func.CryptRegisterOIDFunction.arg.2=LPCSTR,pszOID
func.CryptRegisterOIDFunction.arg.3=LPCWSTR,pwszDll
func.CryptRegisterOIDFunction.arg.4=LPCSTR,pszOverrideFuncName
func.CryptRegisterOIDFunction.ret=BOOL

CryptRegisterOIDInfo=func
func.CryptRegisterOIDInfo.args=2
func.CryptRegisterOIDInfo.arg.0=PCCRYPT_OID_INFO,pInfo
func.CryptRegisterOIDInfo.arg.1=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptRegisterOIDInfo.ret=BOOL

CryptReleaseContext=func
func.CryptReleaseContext.args=2
func.CryptReleaseContext.arg.0=HCRYPTPROV,hProv
func.CryptReleaseContext.arg.1=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptReleaseContext.ret=BOOL

CryptRetrieveObjectByUrlA=func
func.CryptRetrieveObjectByUrlA.args=9
func.CryptRetrieveObjectByUrlA.arg.0=LPCSTR,pszUrl
func.CryptRetrieveObjectByUrlA.arg.1=LPCSTR,pszObjectOid
func.CryptRetrieveObjectByUrlA.arg.2=DWORD,dwRetrievalFlags
func.CryptRetrieveObjectByUrlA.arg.3=DWORD,dwTimeout
func.CryptRetrieveObjectByUrlA.arg.4=LPVOID *,ppvObject
func.CryptRetrieveObjectByUrlA.arg.5=HCRYPTASYNC,hAsyncRetrieve
func.CryptRetrieveObjectByUrlA.arg.6=PCRYPT_CREDENTIALS,pCredentials
func.CryptRetrieveObjectByUrlA.arg.7=LPVOID,pvVerify
func.CryptRetrieveObjectByUrlA.arg.8=PCRYPT_RETRIEVE_AUX_INFO,pAuxInfo
func.CryptRetrieveObjectByUrlA.ret=BOOL

CryptRetrieveObjectByUrlW=func
func.CryptRetrieveObjectByUrlW.args=9
func.CryptRetrieveObjectByUrlW.arg.0=LPCWSTR,pszUrl
func.CryptRetrieveObjectByUrlW.arg.1=LPCSTR,pszObjectOid
func.CryptRetrieveObjectByUrlW.arg.2=DWORD,dwRetrievalFlags
func.CryptRetrieveObjectByUrlW.arg.3=DWORD,dwTimeout
func.CryptRetrieveObjectByUrlW.arg.4=LPVOID *,ppvObject
func.CryptRetrieveObjectByUrlW.arg.5=HCRYPTASYNC,hAsyncRetrieve
func.CryptRetrieveObjectByUrlW.arg.6=PCRYPT_CREDENTIALS,pCredentials
func.CryptRetrieveObjectByUrlW.arg.7=LPVOID,pvVerify
func.CryptRetrieveObjectByUrlW.arg.8=PCRYPT_RETRIEVE_AUX_INFO,pAuxInfo
func.CryptRetrieveObjectByUrlW.ret=BOOL

CryptSetAsyncParam=func
func.CryptSetAsyncParam.args=4
func.CryptSetAsyncParam.arg.0=HCRYPTASYNC,hAsync
func.CryptSetAsyncParam.arg.1=LPSTR,pszParamOid
func.CryptSetAsyncParam.arg.2=LPVOID,pvParam
func.CryptSetAsyncParam.arg.3=PFN_CRYPT_ASYNC_PARAM_FREE_FUNC,pfnFree
func.CryptSetAsyncParam.ret=BOOL

CryptSetHashParam=func
func.CryptSetHashParam.args=4
func.CryptSetHashParam.arg.0=HCRYPTHASH,hHash
func.CryptSetHashParam.arg.1=DWORD,dwParam
func.CryptSetHashParam.arg.2=const BYTE *,pbData
func.CryptSetHashParam.arg.3=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptSetHashParam.ret=BOOL

CryptSetKeyIdentifierProperty=func
func.CryptSetKeyIdentifierProperty.args=6
func.CryptSetKeyIdentifierProperty.arg.0=const CRYPT_HASH_BLOB *,pKeyIdentifier
func.CryptSetKeyIdentifierProperty.arg.1=DWORD,dwPropId
func.CryptSetKeyIdentifierProperty.arg.2=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptSetKeyIdentifierProperty.arg.3=LPCWSTR,pwszComputerName
func.CryptSetKeyIdentifierProperty.arg.4=void *,pvReserved
func.CryptSetKeyIdentifierProperty.arg.5=const void *,pvData
func.CryptSetKeyIdentifierProperty.ret=BOOL

CryptSetKeyParam=func
func.CryptSetKeyParam.args=4
func.CryptSetKeyParam.arg.0=HCRYPTKEY,hKey
func.CryptSetKeyParam.arg.1=DWORD,dwParam
func.CryptSetKeyParam.arg.2=const BYTE *,pbData
func.CryptSetKeyParam.arg.3=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptSetKeyParam.ret=BOOL

CryptSetOIDFunctionValue=func
func.CryptSetOIDFunctionValue.args=7
func.CryptSetOIDFunctionValue.arg.0=DWORD,dwEncodingType
func.CryptSetOIDFunctionValue.arg.1=LPCSTR,pszFuncName
func.CryptSetOIDFunctionValue.arg.2=LPCSTR,pszOID
func.CryptSetOIDFunctionValue.arg.3=LPCWSTR,pwszValueName
func.CryptSetOIDFunctionValue.arg.4=DWORD,dwValueType
func.CryptSetOIDFunctionValue.arg.5=const BYTE *,pbValueData
func.CryptSetOIDFunctionValue.arg.6=DWORD,cbValueData
func.CryptSetOIDFunctionValue.ret=BOOL

CryptSetProvParam=func
func.CryptSetProvParam.args=4
func.CryptSetProvParam.arg.0=HCRYPTPROV,hProv
func.CryptSetProvParam.arg.1=DWORD,dwParam
func.CryptSetProvParam.arg.2=const BYTE *,pbData
func.CryptSetProvParam.arg.3=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptSetProvParam.ret=BOOL

CryptSetProviderA=func
func.CryptSetProviderA.args=2
func.CryptSetProviderA.arg.0=LPCSTR,pszProvName
func.CryptSetProviderA.arg.1=DWORD,dwProvType
func.CryptSetProviderA.ret=BOOL

CryptSetProviderExA=func
func.CryptSetProviderExA.args=4
func.CryptSetProviderExA.arg.0=LPCSTR,pszProvName
func.CryptSetProviderExA.arg.1=DWORD,dwProvType
func.CryptSetProviderExA.arg.2=DWORD *,pdwReserved
func.CryptSetProviderExA.arg.3=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptSetProviderExA.ret=BOOL

CryptSetProviderExW=func
func.CryptSetProviderExW.args=4
func.CryptSetProviderExW.arg.0=LPCWSTR,pszProvName
func.CryptSetProviderExW.arg.1=DWORD,dwProvType
func.CryptSetProviderExW.arg.2=DWORD *,pdwReserved
func.CryptSetProviderExW.arg.3=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptSetProviderExW.ret=BOOL

CryptSetProviderW=func
func.CryptSetProviderW.args=2
func.CryptSetProviderW.arg.0=LPCWSTR,pszProvName
func.CryptSetProviderW.arg.1=DWORD,dwProvType
func.CryptSetProviderW.ret=BOOL

CryptSignAndEncodeCertificate=func
func.CryptSignAndEncodeCertificate.args=9
func.CryptSignAndEncodeCertificate.arg.0=BCRYPT_KEY_HANDLE,hBCryptKey
func.CryptSignAndEncodeCertificate.arg.1=DWORD,dwKeySpec
func.CryptSignAndEncodeCertificate.arg.2=DWORD,dwCertEncodingType
func.CryptSignAndEncodeCertificate.arg.3=LPCSTR,lpszStructType
func.CryptSignAndEncodeCertificate.arg.4=const void *,pvStructInfo
func.CryptSignAndEncodeCertificate.arg.5=PCRYPT_ALGORITHM_IDENTIFIER,pSignatureAlgorithm
func.CryptSignAndEncodeCertificate.arg.6=const void *,pvHashAuxInfo
func.CryptSignAndEncodeCertificate.arg.7=BYTE *,pbEncoded
func.CryptSignAndEncodeCertificate.arg.8=DWORD *,pcbEncoded
func.CryptSignAndEncodeCertificate.ret=BOOL

CryptSignAndEncryptMessage=func
func.CryptSignAndEncryptMessage.args=8
func.CryptSignAndEncryptMessage.arg.0=PCRYPT_SIGN_MESSAGE_PARA,pSignPara
func.CryptSignAndEncryptMessage.arg.1=PCRYPT_ENCRYPT_MESSAGE_PARA,pEncryptPara
func.CryptSignAndEncryptMessage.arg.2=DWORD,cRecipientCert
func.CryptSignAndEncryptMessage.arg.3=PCCERT_CONTEXT *,rgpRecipientCert
func.CryptSignAndEncryptMessage.arg.4=const BYTE *,pbToBeSignedAndEncrypted
func.CryptSignAndEncryptMessage.arg.5=DWORD,cbToBeSignedAndEncrypted
func.CryptSignAndEncryptMessage.arg.6=BYTE *,pbSignedAndEncryptedBlob
func.CryptSignAndEncryptMessage.arg.7=DWORD *,pcbSignedAndEncryptedBlob
func.CryptSignAndEncryptMessage.ret=BOOL

CryptSignCertificate=func
func.CryptSignCertificate.args=9
func.CryptSignCertificate.arg.0=BCRYPT_KEY_HANDLE,hBCryptKey
func.CryptSignCertificate.arg.1=DWORD,dwKeySpec
func.CryptSignCertificate.arg.2=DWORD,dwCertEncodingType
func.CryptSignCertificate.arg.3=const BYTE *,pbEncodedToBeSigned
func.CryptSignCertificate.arg.4=DWORD,cbEncodedToBeSigned
func.CryptSignCertificate.arg.5=PCRYPT_ALGORITHM_IDENTIFIER,pSignatureAlgorithm
func.CryptSignCertificate.arg.6=const void *,pvHashAuxInfo
func.CryptSignCertificate.arg.7=BYTE *,pbSignature
func.CryptSignCertificate.arg.8=DWORD *,pcbSignature
func.CryptSignCertificate.ret=BOOL

CryptSignHashA=func
func.CryptSignHashA.args=6
func.CryptSignHashA.arg.0=HCRYPTHASH,hHash
func.CryptSignHashA.arg.1=DWORD,dwKeySpec
func.CryptSignHashA.arg.2=LPCSTR,szDescription
func.CryptSignHashA.arg.3=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptSignHashA.arg.4=BYTE *,pbSignature
func.CryptSignHashA.arg.5=DWORD *,pdwSigLen
func.CryptSignHashA.ret=BOOL

CryptSignHashW=func
func.CryptSignHashW.args=6
func.CryptSignHashW.arg.0=HCRYPTHASH,hHash
func.CryptSignHashW.arg.1=DWORD,dwKeySpec
func.CryptSignHashW.arg.2=LPCWSTR,szDescription
func.CryptSignHashW.arg.3=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptSignHashW.arg.4=BYTE *,pbSignature
func.CryptSignHashW.arg.5=DWORD *,pdwSigLen
func.CryptSignHashW.ret=BOOL

CryptSignMessage=func
func.CryptSignMessage.args=7
func.CryptSignMessage.arg.0=PCRYPT_SIGN_MESSAGE_PARA,pSignPara
func.CryptSignMessage.arg.1=BOOL,fDetachedSignature
func.CryptSignMessage.arg.2=DWORD,cToBeSigned
func.CryptSignMessage.arg.3=const BYTE **,rgpbToBeSigned
func.CryptSignMessage.arg.4=DWORD *,rgcbToBeSigned
func.CryptSignMessage.arg.5=BYTE *,pbSignedBlob
func.CryptSignMessage.arg.6=DWORD *,pcbSignedBlob
func.CryptSignMessage.ret=BOOL

CryptSignMessageWithKey=func
func.CryptSignMessageWithKey.args=5
func.CryptSignMessageWithKey.arg.0=PCRYPT_KEY_SIGN_MESSAGE_PARA,pSignPara
func.CryptSignMessageWithKey.arg.1=const BYTE *,pbToBeSigned
func.CryptSignMessageWithKey.arg.2=DWORD,cbToBeSigned
func.CryptSignMessageWithKey.arg.3=BYTE *,pbSignedBlob
func.CryptSignMessageWithKey.arg.4=DWORD *,pcbSignedBlob
func.CryptSignMessageWithKey.ret=BOOL

CryptStringToBinaryA=func
func.CryptStringToBinaryA.args=7
func.CryptStringToBinaryA.arg.0=LPCSTR,pszString
func.CryptStringToBinaryA.arg.1=DWORD,cchString
func.CryptStringToBinaryA.arg.2=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptStringToBinaryA.arg.3=BYTE *,pbBinary
func.CryptStringToBinaryA.arg.4=DWORD *,pcbBinary
func.CryptStringToBinaryA.arg.5=DWORD *,pdwSkip
func.CryptStringToBinaryA.arg.6=DWORD *,pdwFlags
func.CryptStringToBinaryA.ret=BOOL

CryptStringToBinaryW=func
func.CryptStringToBinaryW.args=7
func.CryptStringToBinaryW.arg.0=LPCWSTR,pszString
func.CryptStringToBinaryW.arg.1=DWORD,cchString
func.CryptStringToBinaryW.arg.2=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptStringToBinaryW.arg.3=BYTE *,pbBinary
func.CryptStringToBinaryW.arg.4=DWORD *,pcbBinary
func.CryptStringToBinaryW.arg.5=DWORD *,pdwSkip
func.CryptStringToBinaryW.arg.6=DWORD *,pdwFlags
func.CryptStringToBinaryW.ret=BOOL

CryptUninstallCancelRetrieval=func
func.CryptUninstallCancelRetrieval.args=2
func.CryptUninstallCancelRetrieval.arg.0=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptUninstallCancelRetrieval.arg.1=void *,pvReserved
func.CryptUninstallCancelRetrieval.ret=BOOL

CryptUninstallDefaultContext=func
func.CryptUninstallDefaultContext.args=3
func.CryptUninstallDefaultContext.arg.0=HCRYPTDEFAULTCONTEXT,hDefaultContext
func.CryptUninstallDefaultContext.arg.1=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptUninstallDefaultContext.arg.2=void *,pvReserved
func.CryptUninstallDefaultContext.ret=BOOL

CryptUnregisterDefaultOIDFunction=func
func.CryptUnregisterDefaultOIDFunction.args=3
func.CryptUnregisterDefaultOIDFunction.arg.0=DWORD,dwEncodingType
func.CryptUnregisterDefaultOIDFunction.arg.1=LPCSTR,pszFuncName
func.CryptUnregisterDefaultOIDFunction.arg.2=LPCWSTR,pwszDll
func.CryptUnregisterDefaultOIDFunction.ret=BOOL

CryptUnregisterOIDFunction=func
func.CryptUnregisterOIDFunction.args=3
func.CryptUnregisterOIDFunction.arg.0=DWORD,dwEncodingType
func.CryptUnregisterOIDFunction.arg.1=LPCSTR,pszFuncName
func.CryptUnregisterOIDFunction.arg.2=LPCSTR,pszOID
func.CryptUnregisterOIDFunction.ret=BOOL

CryptUnregisterOIDInfo=func
func.CryptUnregisterOIDInfo.args=1
func.CryptUnregisterOIDInfo.arg.0=PCCRYPT_OID_INFO,pInfo
func.CryptUnregisterOIDInfo.ret=BOOL

CryptVerifyCertificateSignature=func
func.CryptVerifyCertificateSignature.args=5
func.CryptVerifyCertificateSignature.arg.0=HCRYPTPROV_LEGACY,hCryptProv
func.CryptVerifyCertificateSignature.arg.1=DWORD,dwCertEncodingType
func.CryptVerifyCertificateSignature.arg.2=const BYTE *,pbEncoded
func.CryptVerifyCertificateSignature.arg.3=DWORD,cbEncoded
func.CryptVerifyCertificateSignature.arg.4=PCERT_PUBLIC_KEY_INFO,pPublicKey
func.CryptVerifyCertificateSignature.ret=BOOL

CryptVerifyCertificateSignatureEx=func
func.CryptVerifyCertificateSignatureEx.args=8
func.CryptVerifyCertificateSignatureEx.arg.0=HCRYPTPROV_LEGACY,hCryptProv
func.CryptVerifyCertificateSignatureEx.arg.1=DWORD,dwCertEncodingType
func.CryptVerifyCertificateSignatureEx.arg.2=DWORD,dwSubjectType
func.CryptVerifyCertificateSignatureEx.arg.3=void *,pvSubject
func.CryptVerifyCertificateSignatureEx.arg.4=DWORD,dwIssuerType
func.CryptVerifyCertificateSignatureEx.arg.5=void *,pvIssuer
func.CryptVerifyCertificateSignatureEx.arg.6=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptVerifyCertificateSignatureEx.arg.7=void *,pvExtra
func.CryptVerifyCertificateSignatureEx.ret=BOOL

CryptVerifyDetachedMessageHash=func
func.CryptVerifyDetachedMessageHash.args=8
func.CryptVerifyDetachedMessageHash.arg.0=PCRYPT_HASH_MESSAGE_PARA,pHashPara
func.CryptVerifyDetachedMessageHash.arg.1=BYTE *,pbDetachedHashBlob
func.CryptVerifyDetachedMessageHash.arg.2=DWORD,cbDetachedHashBlob
func.CryptVerifyDetachedMessageHash.arg.3=DWORD,cToBeHashed
func.CryptVerifyDetachedMessageHash.arg.4=const BYTE **,rgpbToBeHashed
func.CryptVerifyDetachedMessageHash.arg.5=DWORD *,rgcbToBeHashed
func.CryptVerifyDetachedMessageHash.arg.6=BYTE *,pbComputedHash
func.CryptVerifyDetachedMessageHash.arg.7=DWORD *,pcbComputedHash
func.CryptVerifyDetachedMessageHash.ret=BOOL

CryptVerifyDetachedMessageSignature=func
func.CryptVerifyDetachedMessageSignature.args=8
func.CryptVerifyDetachedMessageSignature.arg.0=PCRYPT_VERIFY_MESSAGE_PARA,pVerifyPara
func.CryptVerifyDetachedMessageSignature.arg.1=DWORD,dwSignerIndex
func.CryptVerifyDetachedMessageSignature.arg.2=const BYTE *,pbDetachedSignBlob
func.CryptVerifyDetachedMessageSignature.arg.3=DWORD,cbDetachedSignBlob
func.CryptVerifyDetachedMessageSignature.arg.4=DWORD,cToBeSigned
func.CryptVerifyDetachedMessageSignature.arg.5=const BYTE **,rgpbToBeSigned
func.CryptVerifyDetachedMessageSignature.arg.6=DWORD *,rgcbToBeSigned
func.CryptVerifyDetachedMessageSignature.arg.7=PCCERT_CONTEXT *,ppSignerCert
func.CryptVerifyDetachedMessageSignature.ret=BOOL

CryptVerifyMessageHash=func
func.CryptVerifyMessageHash.args=7
func.CryptVerifyMessageHash.arg.0=PCRYPT_HASH_MESSAGE_PARA,pHashPara
func.CryptVerifyMessageHash.arg.1=BYTE *,pbHashedBlob
func.CryptVerifyMessageHash.arg.2=DWORD,cbHashedBlob
func.CryptVerifyMessageHash.arg.3=BYTE *,pbToBeHashed
func.CryptVerifyMessageHash.arg.4=DWORD *,pcbToBeHashed
func.CryptVerifyMessageHash.arg.5=BYTE *,pbComputedHash
func.CryptVerifyMessageHash.arg.6=DWORD *,pcbComputedHash
func.CryptVerifyMessageHash.ret=BOOL

CryptVerifyMessageSignature=func
func.CryptVerifyMessageSignature.args=7
func.CryptVerifyMessageSignature.arg.0=PCRYPT_VERIFY_MESSAGE_PARA,pVerifyPara
func.CryptVerifyMessageSignature.arg.1=DWORD,dwSignerIndex
func.CryptVerifyMessageSignature.arg.2=const BYTE *,pbSignedBlob
func.CryptVerifyMessageSignature.arg.3=DWORD,cbSignedBlob
func.CryptVerifyMessageSignature.arg.4=BYTE *,pbDecoded
func.CryptVerifyMessageSignature.arg.5=DWORD *,pcbDecoded
func.CryptVerifyMessageSignature.arg.6=PCCERT_CONTEXT *,ppSignerCert
func.CryptVerifyMessageSignature.ret=BOOL

CryptVerifyMessageSignatureWithKey=func
func.CryptVerifyMessageSignatureWithKey.args=6
func.CryptVerifyMessageSignatureWithKey.arg.0=PCRYPT_KEY_VERIFY_MESSAGE_PARA,pVerifyPara
func.CryptVerifyMessageSignatureWithKey.arg.1=PCERT_PUBLIC_KEY_INFO,pPublicKeyInfo
func.CryptVerifyMessageSignatureWithKey.arg.2=const BYTE *,pbSignedBlob
func.CryptVerifyMessageSignatureWithKey.arg.3=DWORD,cbSignedBlob
func.CryptVerifyMessageSignatureWithKey.arg.4=BYTE *,pbDecoded
func.CryptVerifyMessageSignatureWithKey.arg.5=DWORD *,pcbDecoded
func.CryptVerifyMessageSignatureWithKey.ret=BOOL

CryptVerifySignatureA=func
func.CryptVerifySignatureA.args=6
func.CryptVerifySignatureA.arg.0=HCRYPTHASH,hHash
func.CryptVerifySignatureA.arg.1=const BYTE *,pbSignature
func.CryptVerifySignatureA.arg.2=DWORD,dwSigLen
func.CryptVerifySignatureA.arg.3=HCRYPTKEY,hPubKey
func.CryptVerifySignatureA.arg.4=LPCSTR,szDescription
func.CryptVerifySignatureA.arg.5=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptVerifySignatureA.ret=BOOL

CryptVerifySignatureW=func
func.CryptVerifySignatureW.args=6
func.CryptVerifySignatureW.arg.0=HCRYPTHASH,hHash
func.CryptVerifySignatureW.arg.1=const BYTE *,pbSignature
func.CryptVerifySignatureW.arg.2=DWORD,dwSigLen
func.CryptVerifySignatureW.arg.3=HCRYPTKEY,hPubKey
func.CryptVerifySignatureW.arg.4=LPCWSTR,szDescription
func.CryptVerifySignatureW.arg.5=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CryptVerifySignatureW.ret=BOOL

PFXExportCertStore=func
func.PFXExportCertStore.args=4
func.PFXExportCertStore.arg.0=HCERTSTORE,hStore
func.PFXExportCertStore.arg.1=CRYPT_DATA_BLOB *,pPFX
func.PFXExportCertStore.arg.2=LPCWSTR,szPassword
func.PFXExportCertStore.arg.3=DWORD,dwFlags
func.PFXExportCertStore.ret=BOOL

PFXExportCertStoreEx=func
func.PFXExportCertStoreEx.args=5
func.PFXExportCertStoreEx.arg.0=HCERTSTORE,hStore
func.PFXExportCertStoreEx.arg.1=CRYPT_DATA_BLOB *,pPFX
func.PFXExportCertStoreEx.arg.2=LPCWSTR,szPassword
func.PFXExportCertStoreEx.arg.3=void *,pvPara
func.PFXExportCertStoreEx.arg.4=DWORD,dwFlags
func.PFXExportCertStoreEx.ret=BOOL

PFXImportCertStore=func
func.PFXImportCertStore.args=3
func.PFXImportCertStore.arg.0=CRYPT_DATA_BLOB *,pPFX
func.PFXImportCertStore.arg.1=LPCWSTR,szPassword
func.PFXImportCertStore.arg.2=DWORD,dwFlags
func.PFXImportCertStore.ret=HCERTSTORE

PFXIsPFXBlob=func
func.PFXIsPFXBlob.args=1
func.PFXIsPFXBlob.arg.0=CRYPT_DATA_BLOB *,pPFX
func.PFXIsPFXBlob.ret=BOOL

PFXVerifyPassword=func
func.PFXVerifyPassword.args=3
func.PFXVerifyPassword.arg.0=CRYPT_DATA_BLOB *,pPFX
func.PFXVerifyPassword.arg.1=LPCWSTR,szPassword
func.PFXVerifyPassword.arg.2=DWORD,dwFlags
func.PFXVerifyPassword.ret=BOOL
