### objbase.h ###

BindMoniker=func
func.BindMoniker.args=4
func.BindMoniker.arg.0=LPMONIKER,pmk
func.BindMoniker.arg.1=DWORD,grfOpt
func.BindMoniker.arg.2=REFIID,iidResult
func.BindMoniker.arg.3=LPVOID *,ppvResult
func.BindMoniker.ret=HRESULT

CLSIDFromProgIDEx=func
func.CLSIDFromProgIDEx.args=2
func.CLSIDFromProgIDEx.arg.0=LPCOLESTR,lpszProgID
func.CLSIDFromProgIDEx.arg.1=LPCLSID,lpclsid
func.CLSIDFromProgIDEx.ret=HRESULT

CoAllowSetForegroundWindow=func
func.CoAllowSetForegroundWindow.args=2
func.CoAllowSetForegroundWindow.arg.0=IUnknown *,pUnk
func.CoAllowSetForegroundWindow.arg.1=LPVOID,lpvReserved
func.CoAllowSetForegroundWindow.ret=HRESULT

CoBuildVersion=func
func.CoBuildVersion.args=0
func.CoBuildVersion.ret=DWORD

CoCreateStandardMalloc=func
func.CoCreateStandardMalloc.args=2
func.CoCreateStandardMalloc.arg.0=DWORD,memctx
func.CoCreateStandardMalloc.arg.1=IMalloc **,ppMalloc
func.CoCreateStandardMalloc.ret=HRESULT

CoDosDateTimeToFileTime=func
func.CoDosDateTimeToFileTime.args=3
func.CoDosDateTimeToFileTime.arg.0=WORD,nDosDate
func.CoDosDateTimeToFileTime.arg.1=WORD,nDosTime
func.CoDosDateTimeToFileTime.arg.2=FILETIME *,lpFileTime
func.CoDosDateTimeToFileTime.ret=BOOL

CoFileTimeNow=func
func.CoFileTimeNow.args=1
func.CoFileTimeNow.arg.0=FILETIME *,lpFileTime
func.CoFileTimeNow.ret=HRESULT

CoFileTimeToDosDateTime=func
func.CoFileTimeToDosDateTime.args=3
func.CoFileTimeToDosDateTime.arg.0=FILETIME *,lpFileTime
func.CoFileTimeToDosDateTime.arg.1=LPWORD,lpDosDate
func.CoFileTimeToDosDateTime.arg.2=LPWORD,lpDosTime
func.CoFileTimeToDosDateTime.ret=BOOL

CoFreeAllLibraries=func
func.CoFreeAllLibraries.args=0
func.CoFreeAllLibraries.ret=void

CoFreeLibrary=func
func.CoFreeLibrary.args=1
func.CoFreeLibrary.arg.0=HINSTANCE,hInst
func.CoFreeLibrary.ret=void

CoGetInstanceFromFile=func
func.CoGetInstanceFromFile.args=8
func.CoGetInstanceFromFile.arg.0=COSERVERINFO *,pServerInfo
func.CoGetInstanceFromFile.arg.1=CLSID *,pClsid
func.CoGetInstanceFromFile.arg.2=IUnknown *,punkOuter
func.CoGetInstanceFromFile.arg.3=DWORD,dwClsCtx
func.CoGetInstanceFromFile.arg.4=DWORD,grfMode
func.CoGetInstanceFromFile.arg.5=OLECHAR *,pwszName
func.CoGetInstanceFromFile.arg.6=DWORD,dwCount
func.CoGetInstanceFromFile.arg.7=MULTI_QI *,pResults
func.CoGetInstanceFromFile.ret=HRESULT

CoGetInstanceFromIStorage=func
func.CoGetInstanceFromIStorage.args=7
func.CoGetInstanceFromIStorage.arg.0=COSERVERINFO *,pServerInfo
func.CoGetInstanceFromIStorage.arg.1=CLSID *,pClsid
func.CoGetInstanceFromIStorage.arg.2=IUnknown *,punkOuter
func.CoGetInstanceFromIStorage.arg.3=DWORD,dwClsCtx
func.CoGetInstanceFromIStorage.arg.4=struct IStorage *,pstg
func.CoGetInstanceFromIStorage.arg.5=DWORD,dwCount
func.CoGetInstanceFromIStorage.arg.6=MULTI_QI *,pResults
func.CoGetInstanceFromIStorage.ret=HRESULT

CoGetObject=func
func.CoGetObject.args=4
func.CoGetObject.arg.0=LPCWSTR,pszName
func.CoGetObject.arg.1=BIND_OPTS *,pBindOptions
func.CoGetObject.arg.2=REFIID,riid
func.CoGetObject.arg.3=void **,ppv
func.CoGetObject.ret=HRESULT

CoGetSystemSecurityPermissions=func
func.CoGetSystemSecurityPermissions.args=2
func.CoGetSystemSecurityPermissions.arg.0=COMSD,comSDType
func.CoGetSystemSecurityPermissions.arg.1=PSECURITY_DESCRIPTOR *,ppSD
func.CoGetSystemSecurityPermissions.ret=HRESULT

CoInitialize=func
func.CoInitialize.args=1
func.CoInitialize.arg.0=LPVOID,pvReserved
func.CoInitialize.ret=HRESULT

CoInstall=func
func.CoInstall.args=5
func.CoInstall.arg.0=IBindCtx *,pbc
func.CoInstall.arg.1=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CoInstall.arg.2=uCLSSPEC *,pClassSpec
func.CoInstall.arg.3=QUERYCONTEXT *,pQuery
func.CoInstall.arg.4=LPWSTR,pszCodeBase
func.CoInstall.ret=HRESULT

CoIsOle1Class=func
func.CoIsOle1Class.args=1
func.CoIsOle1Class.arg.0=REFCLSID,rclsid
func.CoIsOle1Class.ret=BOOL

CoLoadLibrary=func
func.CoLoadLibrary.args=2
func.CoLoadLibrary.arg.0=LPOLESTR,lpszLibName
func.CoLoadLibrary.arg.1=BOOL,bAutoFree
func.CoLoadLibrary.ret=HINSTANCE

CoRegisterChannelHook=func
func.CoRegisterChannelHook.args=2
func.CoRegisterChannelHook.arg.0=REFGUID,ExtensionUuid
func.CoRegisterChannelHook.arg.1=IChannelHook *,pChannelHook
func.CoRegisterChannelHook.ret=HRESULT

CoRegisterInitializeSpy=func
func.CoRegisterInitializeSpy.args=2
func.CoRegisterInitializeSpy.arg.0=IInitializeSpy *,pSpy
func.CoRegisterInitializeSpy.arg.1=ULARGE_INTEGER *,puliCookie
func.CoRegisterInitializeSpy.ret=HRESULT

CoRegisterMallocSpy=func
func.CoRegisterMallocSpy.args=1
func.CoRegisterMallocSpy.arg.0=LPMALLOCSPY,pMallocSpy
func.CoRegisterMallocSpy.ret=HRESULT

CoRegisterMessageFilter=func
func.CoRegisterMessageFilter.args=2
func.CoRegisterMessageFilter.arg.0=LPMESSAGEFILTER,lpMessageFilter
func.CoRegisterMessageFilter.arg.1=LPMESSAGEFILTER *,lplpMessageFilter
func.CoRegisterMessageFilter.ret=HRESULT

CoRevokeInitializeSpy=func
func.CoRevokeInitializeSpy.args=1
func.CoRevokeInitializeSpy.arg.0=ULARGE_INTEGER,uliCookie
func.CoRevokeInitializeSpy.ret=HRESULT

CoRevokeMallocSpy=func
func.CoRevokeMallocSpy.args=0
func.CoRevokeMallocSpy.ret=HRESULT

CoTreatAsClass=func
func.CoTreatAsClass.args=2
func.CoTreatAsClass.arg.0=REFCLSID,clsidOld
func.CoTreatAsClass.arg.1=REFCLSID,clsidNew
func.CoTreatAsClass.ret=HRESULT

CreateAntiMoniker=func
func.CreateAntiMoniker.args=1
func.CreateAntiMoniker.arg.0=LPMONIKER *,ppmk
func.CreateAntiMoniker.ret=HRESULT

CreateBindCtx=func
func.CreateBindCtx.args=2
func.CreateBindCtx.arg.0=DWORD,reserved
func.CreateBindCtx.arg.1=LPBC *,ppbc
func.CreateBindCtx.ret=HRESULT

CreateClassMoniker=func
func.CreateClassMoniker.args=2
func.CreateClassMoniker.arg.0=REFCLSID,rclsid
func.CreateClassMoniker.arg.1=LPMONIKER *,ppmk
func.CreateClassMoniker.ret=HRESULT

CreateDataAdviseHolder=func
func.CreateDataAdviseHolder.args=1
func.CreateDataAdviseHolder.arg.0=LPDATAADVISEHOLDER *,ppDAHolder
func.CreateDataAdviseHolder.ret=HRESULT

CreateDataCache=func
func.CreateDataCache.args=4
func.CreateDataCache.arg.0=LPUNKNOWN,pUnkOuter
func.CreateDataCache.arg.1=REFCLSID,rclsid
func.CreateDataCache.arg.2=REFIID,iid
func.CreateDataCache.arg.3=LPVOID *,ppv
func.CreateDataCache.ret=HRESULT

CreateFileMoniker=func
func.CreateFileMoniker.args=2
func.CreateFileMoniker.arg.0=LPCOLESTR,lpszPathName
func.CreateFileMoniker.arg.1=LPMONIKER *,ppmk
func.CreateFileMoniker.ret=HRESULT

CreateGenericComposite=func
func.CreateGenericComposite.args=3
func.CreateGenericComposite.arg.0=LPMONIKER,pmkFirst
func.CreateGenericComposite.arg.1=LPMONIKER,pmkRest
func.CreateGenericComposite.arg.2=LPMONIKER *,ppmkComposite
func.CreateGenericComposite.ret=HRESULT

CreateItemMoniker=func
func.CreateItemMoniker.args=3
func.CreateItemMoniker.arg.0=LPCOLESTR,lpszDelim
func.CreateItemMoniker.arg.1=LPCOLESTR,lpszItem
func.CreateItemMoniker.arg.2=LPMONIKER *,ppmk
func.CreateItemMoniker.ret=HRESULT

CreateObjrefMoniker=func
func.CreateObjrefMoniker.args=2
func.CreateObjrefMoniker.arg.0=LPUNKNOWN,punk
func.CreateObjrefMoniker.arg.1=LPMONIKER *,ppmk
func.CreateObjrefMoniker.ret=HRESULT

CreatePointerMoniker=func
func.CreatePointerMoniker.args=2
func.CreatePointerMoniker.arg.0=LPUNKNOWN,punk
func.CreatePointerMoniker.arg.1=LPMONIKER *,ppmk
func.CreatePointerMoniker.ret=HRESULT

CreateStdProgressIndicator=func
func.CreateStdProgressIndicator.args=4
func.CreateStdProgressIndicator.arg.0=HWND,hwndParent
func.CreateStdProgressIndicator.arg.1=LPCOLESTR,pszTitle
func.CreateStdProgressIndicator.arg.2=IBindStatusCallback *,pIbscCaller
func.CreateStdProgressIndicator.arg.3=IBindStatusCallback **,ppIbsc
func.CreateStdProgressIndicator.ret=HRESULT

DcomChannelSetHResult=func
func.DcomChannelSetHResult.args=3
func.DcomChannelSetHResult.arg.0=LPVOID,pvReserved
func.DcomChannelSetHResult.arg.1=ULONG *,pulReserved
func.DcomChannelSetHResult.arg.2=HRESULT,appsHR
func.DcomChannelSetHResult.ret=HRESULT

GetClassFile=func
func.GetClassFile.args=2
func.GetClassFile.arg.0=LPCOLESTR,szFilename
func.GetClassFile.arg.1=CLSID *,pclsid
func.GetClassFile.ret=HRESULT

GetRunningObjectTable=func
func.GetRunningObjectTable.args=2
func.GetRunningObjectTable.arg.0=DWORD,reserved
func.GetRunningObjectTable.arg.1=LPRUNNINGOBJECTTABLE *,pprot
func.GetRunningObjectTable.ret=HRESULT

MkParseDisplayName=func
func.MkParseDisplayName.args=4
func.MkParseDisplayName.arg.0=LPBC,pbc
func.MkParseDisplayName.arg.1=LPCOLESTR,szUserName
func.MkParseDisplayName.arg.2=ULONG *,pchEaten
func.MkParseDisplayName.arg.3=LPMONIKER *,ppmk
func.MkParseDisplayName.ret=HRESULT

MonikerCommonPrefixWith=func
func.MonikerCommonPrefixWith.args=3
func.MonikerCommonPrefixWith.arg.0=LPMONIKER,pmkThis
func.MonikerCommonPrefixWith.arg.1=LPMONIKER,pmkOther
func.MonikerCommonPrefixWith.arg.2=LPMONIKER *,ppmkCommon
func.MonikerCommonPrefixWith.ret=HRESULT

MonikerRelativePathTo=func
func.MonikerRelativePathTo.args=4
func.MonikerRelativePathTo.arg.0=LPMONIKER,pmkSrc
func.MonikerRelativePathTo.arg.1=LPMONIKER,pmkDest
func.MonikerRelativePathTo.arg.2=LPMONIKER *,ppmkRelPath
func.MonikerRelativePathTo.arg.3=BOOL,dwReserved
func.MonikerRelativePathTo.ret=HRESULT

StgGetIFillLockBytesOnFile=func
func.StgGetIFillLockBytesOnFile.args=2
func.StgGetIFillLockBytesOnFile.arg.0=OLECHAR const *,pwcsName
func.StgGetIFillLockBytesOnFile.arg.1=IFillLockBytes **,ppflb
func.StgGetIFillLockBytesOnFile.ret=HRESULT

StgGetIFillLockBytesOnILockBytes=func
func.StgGetIFillLockBytesOnILockBytes.args=2
func.StgGetIFillLockBytesOnILockBytes.arg.0=ILockBytes *,pilb
func.StgGetIFillLockBytesOnILockBytes.arg.1=IFillLockBytes **,ppflb
func.StgGetIFillLockBytesOnILockBytes.ret=HRESULT

StgOpenAsyncDocfileOnIFillLockBytes=func
func.StgOpenAsyncDocfileOnIFillLockBytes.args=4
func.StgOpenAsyncDocfileOnIFillLockBytes.arg.0=IFillLockBytes *,pflb
func.StgOpenAsyncDocfileOnIFillLockBytes.arg.1=DWORD,grfMode
func.StgOpenAsyncDocfileOnIFillLockBytes.arg.2=DWORD,asyncFlags
func.StgOpenAsyncDocfileOnIFillLockBytes.arg.3=IStorage **,ppstgOpen
func.StgOpenAsyncDocfileOnIFillLockBytes.ret=HRESULT

StgOpenLayoutDocfile=func
func.StgOpenLayoutDocfile.args=4
func.StgOpenLayoutDocfile.arg.0=OLECHAR const *,pwcsDfName
func.StgOpenLayoutDocfile.arg.1=DWORD,grfMode
func.StgOpenLayoutDocfile.arg.2=DWORD,reserved
func.StgOpenLayoutDocfile.arg.3=IStorage **,ppstgOpen
func.StgOpenLayoutDocfile.ret=HRESULT
