### shlwapi.h ###

AssocCreate=func
func.AssocCreate.args=3
func.AssocCreate.arg.0=CLSID,clsid
func.AssocCreate.arg.1=REFIID,riid
func.AssocCreate.arg.2=void **,ppv
func.AssocCreate.ret=HRESULT

AssocGetPerceivedType=func
func.AssocGetPerceivedType.args=4
func.AssocGetPerceivedType.arg.0=PCWSTR,pszExt
func.AssocGetPerceivedType.arg.1=PERCEIVED *,ptype
func.AssocGetPerceivedType.arg.2=PERCEIVEDFLAG *,pflag
func.AssocGetPerceivedType.arg.3=PWSTR *,ppszType
func.AssocGetPerceivedType.ret=HRESULT

AssocIsDangerous=func
func.AssocIsDangerous.args=1
func.AssocIsDangerous.arg.0=PCWSTR,pszAssoc
func.AssocIsDangerous.ret=BOOL

AssocQueryKeyA=func
func.AssocQueryKeyA.args=5
func.AssocQueryKeyA.arg.0=ASSOCF,flags
func.AssocQueryKeyA.arg.1=ASSOCKEY,key
func.AssocQueryKeyA.arg.2=LPCSTR,pszAssoc
func.AssocQueryKeyA.arg.3=LPCSTR,pszExtra
func.AssocQueryKeyA.arg.4=HKEY *,phkeyOut
func.AssocQueryKeyA.ret=HRESULT

AssocQueryKeyW=func
func.AssocQueryKeyW.args=5
func.AssocQueryKeyW.arg.0=ASSOCF,flags
func.AssocQueryKeyW.arg.1=ASSOCKEY,key
func.AssocQueryKeyW.arg.2=LPCWSTR,pszAssoc
func.AssocQueryKeyW.arg.3=LPCWSTR,pszExtra
func.AssocQueryKeyW.arg.4=HKEY *,phkeyOut
func.AssocQueryKeyW.ret=HRESULT

AssocQueryStringA=func
func.AssocQueryStringA.args=6
func.AssocQueryStringA.arg.0=ASSOCF,flags
func.AssocQueryStringA.arg.1=ASSOCSTR,str
func.AssocQueryStringA.arg.2=LPCSTR,pszAssoc
func.AssocQueryStringA.arg.3=LPCSTR,pszExtra
func.AssocQueryStringA.arg.4=LPSTR,pszOut
func.AssocQueryStringA.arg.5=DWORD *,pcchOut
func.AssocQueryStringA.ret=HRESULT

AssocQueryStringByKeyA=func
func.AssocQueryStringByKeyA.args=6
func.AssocQueryStringByKeyA.arg.0=ASSOCF,flags
func.AssocQueryStringByKeyA.arg.1=ASSOCSTR,str
func.AssocQueryStringByKeyA.arg.2=HKEY,hkAssoc
func.AssocQueryStringByKeyA.arg.3=LPCSTR,pszExtra
func.AssocQueryStringByKeyA.arg.4=LPSTR,pszOut
func.AssocQueryStringByKeyA.arg.5=DWORD *,pcchOut
func.AssocQueryStringByKeyA.ret=HRESULT

AssocQueryStringByKeyW=func
func.AssocQueryStringByKeyW.args=6
func.AssocQueryStringByKeyW.arg.0=ASSOCF,flags
func.AssocQueryStringByKeyW.arg.1=ASSOCSTR,str
func.AssocQueryStringByKeyW.arg.2=HKEY,hkAssoc
func.AssocQueryStringByKeyW.arg.3=LPCWSTR,pszExtra
func.AssocQueryStringByKeyW.arg.4=LPWSTR,pszOut
func.AssocQueryStringByKeyW.arg.5=DWORD *,pcchOut
func.AssocQueryStringByKeyW.ret=HRESULT

AssocQueryStringW=func
func.AssocQueryStringW.args=6
func.AssocQueryStringW.arg.0=ASSOCF,flags
func.AssocQueryStringW.arg.1=ASSOCSTR,str
func.AssocQueryStringW.arg.2=LPCWSTR,pszAssoc
func.AssocQueryStringW.arg.3=LPCWSTR,pszExtra
func.AssocQueryStringW.arg.4=LPWSTR,pszOut
func.AssocQueryStringW.arg.5=DWORD *,pcchOut
func.AssocQueryStringW.ret=HRESULT

ChrCmpIA=func
func.ChrCmpIA.args=2
func.ChrCmpIA.arg.0=WORD,w1
func.ChrCmpIA.arg.1=WORD,w2
func.ChrCmpIA.ret=BOOL

ChrCmpIW=func
func.ChrCmpIW.args=2
func.ChrCmpIW.arg.0=WCHAR,w1
func.ChrCmpIW.arg.1=WCHAR,w2
func.ChrCmpIW.ret=BOOL

ColorAdjustLuma=func
func.ColorAdjustLuma.args=3
func.ColorAdjustLuma.arg.0=COLORREF,clrRGB
func.ColorAdjustLuma.arg.1=int,n
func.ColorAdjustLuma.arg.2=BOOL,fScale
func.ColorAdjustLuma.ret=COLORREF

ColorHLSToRGB=func
func.ColorHLSToRGB.args=3
func.ColorHLSToRGB.arg.0=WORD,wHue
func.ColorHLSToRGB.arg.1=WORD,wLuminance
func.ColorHLSToRGB.arg.2=WORD,wSaturation
func.ColorHLSToRGB.ret=COLORREF

ColorRGBToHLS=func
func.ColorRGBToHLS.args=4
func.ColorRGBToHLS.arg.0=COLORREF,clrRGB
func.ColorRGBToHLS.arg.1=WORD *,pwHue
func.ColorRGBToHLS.arg.2=WORD *,pwLuminance
func.ColorRGBToHLS.arg.3=WORD *,pwSaturation
func.ColorRGBToHLS.ret=void

ConnectToConnectionPoint=func
func.ConnectToConnectionPoint.args=6
func.ConnectToConnectionPoint.arg.0=IUnknown *,punk
func.ConnectToConnectionPoint.arg.1=REFIID,riidEvent
func.ConnectToConnectionPoint.arg.2=BOOL,fConnect
func.ConnectToConnectionPoint.arg.3=IUnknown *,punkTarget
func.ConnectToConnectionPoint.arg.4=DWORD *,pdwCookie
func.ConnectToConnectionPoint.arg.5=IConnectionPoint **,ppcpOut
func.ConnectToConnectionPoint.ret=HRESULT

DllInstall=func
func.DllInstall.args=2
func.DllInstall.arg.0=BOOL,bInstall
func.DllInstall.arg.1=PCWSTR,pszCmdLine
func.DllInstall.ret=HRESULT

GetAcceptLanguagesA=func
func.GetAcceptLanguagesA.args=2
func.GetAcceptLanguagesA.arg.0=LPSTR,pszLanguages
func.GetAcceptLanguagesA.arg.1=DWORD *,pcchLanguages
func.GetAcceptLanguagesA.ret=HRESULT

GetAcceptLanguagesW=func
func.GetAcceptLanguagesW.args=2
func.GetAcceptLanguagesW.arg.0=LPWSTR,pszLanguages
func.GetAcceptLanguagesW.arg.1=DWORD *,pcchLanguages
func.GetAcceptLanguagesW.ret=HRESULT

GetMenuPosFromID=func
func.GetMenuPosFromID.args=2
func.GetMenuPosFromID.arg.0=HMENU,hmenu
func.GetMenuPosFromID.arg.1=UINT,id
func.GetMenuPosFromID.ret=int

GetProcessReference=func
func.GetProcessReference.args=1
func.GetProcessReference.arg.0=IUnknown **,punk
func.GetProcessReference.ret=HRESULT

HashData=func
func.HashData.args=4
func.HashData.arg.0=BYTE *,pbData
func.HashData.arg.1=DWORD,cbData
func.HashData.arg.2=BYTE *,pbHash
func.HashData.arg.3=DWORD,cbHash
func.HashData.ret=HRESULT

IStream_Copy=func
func.IStream_Copy.args=3
func.IStream_Copy.arg.0=IStream *,pstmFrom
func.IStream_Copy.arg.1=IStream *,pstmTo
func.IStream_Copy.arg.2=DWORD,cb
func.IStream_Copy.ret=HRESULT

IStream_Read=func
func.IStream_Read.args=3
func.IStream_Read.arg.0=IStream *,pstm
func.IStream_Read.arg.1=void *,pv
func.IStream_Read.arg.2=ULONG,cb
func.IStream_Read.ret=HRESULT

IStream_ReadPidl=func
func.IStream_ReadPidl.args=2
func.IStream_ReadPidl.arg.0=IStream *,pstm
func.IStream_ReadPidl.arg.1=PIDLIST_RELATIVE *,ppidlOut
func.IStream_ReadPidl.ret=HRESULT

IStream_ReadStr=func
func.IStream_ReadStr.args=2
func.IStream_ReadStr.arg.0=IStream *,pstm
func.IStream_ReadStr.arg.1=PWSTR *,ppsz
func.IStream_ReadStr.ret=HRESULT

IStream_Reset=func
func.IStream_Reset.args=1
func.IStream_Reset.arg.0=IStream *,pstm
func.IStream_Reset.ret=HRESULT

IStream_Size=func
func.IStream_Size.args=2
func.IStream_Size.arg.0=IStream *,pstm
func.IStream_Size.arg.1=ULARGE_INTEGER *,pui
func.IStream_Size.ret=HRESULT

IStream_Write=func
func.IStream_Write.args=3
func.IStream_Write.arg.0=IStream *,pstm
func.IStream_Write.arg.1=const void *,pv
func.IStream_Write.arg.2=ULONG,cb
func.IStream_Write.ret=HRESULT

IStream_WritePidl=func
func.IStream_WritePidl.args=2
func.IStream_WritePidl.arg.0=IStream *,pstm
func.IStream_WritePidl.arg.1=PCUIDLIST_RELATIVE,pidlWrite
func.IStream_WritePidl.ret=HRESULT

IStream_WriteStr=func
func.IStream_WriteStr.args=2
func.IStream_WriteStr.arg.0=IStream *,pstm
func.IStream_WriteStr.arg.1=PCWSTR,psz
func.IStream_WriteStr.ret=HRESULT

IUnknown_AtomicRelease=func
func.IUnknown_AtomicRelease.args=1
func.IUnknown_AtomicRelease.arg.0=void **,ppunk
func.IUnknown_AtomicRelease.ret=void

IUnknown_GetSite=func
func.IUnknown_GetSite.args=3
func.IUnknown_GetSite.arg.0=IUnknown *,punk
func.IUnknown_GetSite.arg.1=REFIID,riid
func.IUnknown_GetSite.arg.2=void **,ppv
func.IUnknown_GetSite.ret=HRESULT

IUnknown_GetWindow=func
func.IUnknown_GetWindow.args=2
func.IUnknown_GetWindow.arg.0=IUnknown *,punk
func.IUnknown_GetWindow.arg.1=HWND *,phwnd
func.IUnknown_GetWindow.ret=HRESULT

IUnknown_QueryService=func
func.IUnknown_QueryService.args=4
func.IUnknown_QueryService.arg.0=IUnknown *,punk
func.IUnknown_QueryService.arg.1=REFGUID,guidService
func.IUnknown_QueryService.arg.2=REFIID,riid
func.IUnknown_QueryService.arg.3=void **,ppvOut
func.IUnknown_QueryService.ret=HRESULT

IUnknown_Set=func
func.IUnknown_Set.args=2
func.IUnknown_Set.arg.0=IUnknown **,ppunk
func.IUnknown_Set.arg.1=IUnknown *,punk
func.IUnknown_Set.ret=void

IUnknown_SetSite=func
func.IUnknown_SetSite.args=2
func.IUnknown_SetSite.arg.0=IUnknown *,punk
func.IUnknown_SetSite.arg.1=IUnknown *,punkSite
func.IUnknown_SetSite.ret=HRESULT

IntlStrEqWorkerA=func
func.IntlStrEqWorkerA.args=4
func.IntlStrEqWorkerA.arg.0=BOOL,fCaseSens
func.IntlStrEqWorkerA.arg.1=LPCSTR,lpString1
func.IntlStrEqWorkerA.arg.2=LPCSTR,lpString2
func.IntlStrEqWorkerA.arg.3=int,nChar
func.IntlStrEqWorkerA.ret=BOOL

IntlStrEqWorkerW=func
func.IntlStrEqWorkerW.args=4
func.IntlStrEqWorkerW.arg.0=BOOL,fCaseSens
func.IntlStrEqWorkerW.arg.1=LPCWSTR,lpString1
func.IntlStrEqWorkerW.arg.2=LPCWSTR,lpString2
func.IntlStrEqWorkerW.arg.3=int,nChar
func.IntlStrEqWorkerW.ret=BOOL

IsCharSpaceA=func
func.IsCharSpaceA.args=1
func.IsCharSpaceA.arg.0=CHAR,wch
func.IsCharSpaceA.ret=BOOL

IsCharSpaceW=func
func.IsCharSpaceW.args=1
func.IsCharSpaceW.arg.0=WCHAR,wch
func.IsCharSpaceW.ret=BOOL

IsInternetESCEnabled=func
func.IsInternetESCEnabled.args=0
func.IsInternetESCEnabled.ret=BOOL

IsOS=func
func.IsOS.args=1
func.IsOS.arg.0=DWORD,dwOS
func.IsOS.ret=BOOL

ParseURLA=func
func.ParseURLA.args=2
func.ParseURLA.arg.0=LPCSTR,pcszURL
func.ParseURLA.arg.1=PARSEDURLA *,ppu
func.ParseURLA.ret=HRESULT

ParseURLW=func
func.ParseURLW.args=2
func.ParseURLW.arg.0=LPCWSTR,pcszURL
func.ParseURLW.arg.1=PARSEDURLW *,ppu
func.ParseURLW.ret=HRESULT

PathAddBackslashA=func
func.PathAddBackslashA.args=1
func.PathAddBackslashA.arg.0=LPSTR,pszPath
func.PathAddBackslashA.ret=LPSTR

PathAddBackslashW=func
func.PathAddBackslashW.args=1
func.PathAddBackslashW.arg.0=LPWSTR,pszPath
func.PathAddBackslashW.ret=LPWSTR

PathAddExtensionA=func
func.PathAddExtensionA.args=2
func.PathAddExtensionA.arg.0=LPSTR,pszPath
func.PathAddExtensionA.arg.1=LPCSTR,pszExt
func.PathAddExtensionA.ret=BOOL

PathAddExtensionW=func
func.PathAddExtensionW.args=2
func.PathAddExtensionW.arg.0=LPWSTR,pszPath
func.PathAddExtensionW.arg.1=LPCWSTR,pszExt
func.PathAddExtensionW.ret=BOOL

PathAppendA=func
func.PathAppendA.args=2
func.PathAppendA.arg.0=LPSTR,pszPath
func.PathAppendA.arg.1=LPCSTR,pszMore
func.PathAppendA.ret=BOOL

PathAppendW=func
func.PathAppendW.args=2
func.PathAppendW.arg.0=LPWSTR,pszPath
func.PathAppendW.arg.1=LPCWSTR,pszMore
func.PathAppendW.ret=BOOL

PathBuildRootA=func
func.PathBuildRootA.args=2
func.PathBuildRootA.arg.0=LPSTR,pszRoot
func.PathBuildRootA.arg.1=int,iDrive
func.PathBuildRootA.ret=LPSTR

PathBuildRootW=func
func.PathBuildRootW.args=2
func.PathBuildRootW.arg.0=LPWSTR,pszRoot
func.PathBuildRootW.arg.1=int,iDrive
func.PathBuildRootW.ret=LPWSTR

PathCanonicalizeA=func
func.PathCanonicalizeA.args=2
func.PathCanonicalizeA.arg.0=LPSTR,pszBuf
func.PathCanonicalizeA.arg.1=LPCSTR,pszPath
func.PathCanonicalizeA.ret=BOOL

PathCanonicalizeW=func
func.PathCanonicalizeW.args=2
func.PathCanonicalizeW.arg.0=LPWSTR,pszBuf
func.PathCanonicalizeW.arg.1=LPCWSTR,pszPath
func.PathCanonicalizeW.ret=BOOL

PathCombineA=func
func.PathCombineA.args=3
func.PathCombineA.arg.0=LPSTR,pszDest
func.PathCombineA.arg.1=LPCSTR,pszDir
func.PathCombineA.arg.2=LPCSTR,pszFile
func.PathCombineA.ret=LPSTR

PathCombineW=func
func.PathCombineW.args=3
func.PathCombineW.arg.0=LPWSTR,pszDest
func.PathCombineW.arg.1=LPCWSTR,pszDir
func.PathCombineW.arg.2=LPCWSTR,pszFile
func.PathCombineW.ret=LPWSTR

PathCommonPrefixA=func
func.PathCommonPrefixA.args=3
func.PathCommonPrefixA.arg.0=LPCSTR,pszFile1
func.PathCommonPrefixA.arg.1=LPCSTR,pszFile2
func.PathCommonPrefixA.arg.2=LPSTR,achPath
func.PathCommonPrefixA.ret=int

PathCommonPrefixW=func
func.PathCommonPrefixW.args=3
func.PathCommonPrefixW.arg.0=LPCWSTR,pszFile1
func.PathCommonPrefixW.arg.1=LPCWSTR,pszFile2
func.PathCommonPrefixW.arg.2=LPWSTR,achPath
func.PathCommonPrefixW.ret=int

PathCompactPathA=func
func.PathCompactPathA.args=3
func.PathCompactPathA.arg.0=HDC,hDC
func.PathCompactPathA.arg.1=LPSTR,pszPath
func.PathCompactPathA.arg.2=UINT,dx
func.PathCompactPathA.ret=BOOL

PathCompactPathExA=func
func.PathCompactPathExA.args=4
func.PathCompactPathExA.arg.0=LPSTR,pszOut
func.PathCompactPathExA.arg.1=LPCSTR,pszSrc
func.PathCompactPathExA.arg.2=UINT,cchMax
func.PathCompactPathExA.arg.3=DWORD,dwFlags
func.PathCompactPathExA.ret=BOOL

PathCompactPathExW=func
func.PathCompactPathExW.args=4
func.PathCompactPathExW.arg.0=LPWSTR,pszOut
func.PathCompactPathExW.arg.1=LPCWSTR,pszSrc
func.PathCompactPathExW.arg.2=UINT,cchMax
func.PathCompactPathExW.arg.3=DWORD,dwFlags
func.PathCompactPathExW.ret=BOOL

PathCompactPathW=func
func.PathCompactPathW.args=3
func.PathCompactPathW.arg.0=HDC,hDC
func.PathCompactPathW.arg.1=LPWSTR,pszPath
func.PathCompactPathW.arg.2=UINT,dx
func.PathCompactPathW.ret=BOOL

PathCreateFromUrlA=func
func.PathCreateFromUrlA.args=4
func.PathCreateFromUrlA.arg.0=PCSTR,pszUrl
func.PathCreateFromUrlA.arg.1=PSTR,pszPath
func.PathCreateFromUrlA.arg.2=DWORD *,pcchPath
func.PathCreateFromUrlA.arg.3=DWORD,dwFlags
func.PathCreateFromUrlA.ret=HRESULT

PathCreateFromUrlAlloc=func
func.PathCreateFromUrlAlloc.args=3
func.PathCreateFromUrlAlloc.arg.0=PCWSTR,pszIn
func.PathCreateFromUrlAlloc.arg.1=PWSTR *,ppszOut
func.PathCreateFromUrlAlloc.arg.2=DWORD,dwFlags
func.PathCreateFromUrlAlloc.ret=HRESULT

PathCreateFromUrlW=func
func.PathCreateFromUrlW.args=4
func.PathCreateFromUrlW.arg.0=PCWSTR,pszUrl
func.PathCreateFromUrlW.arg.1=PWSTR,pszPath
func.PathCreateFromUrlW.arg.2=DWORD *,pcchPath
func.PathCreateFromUrlW.arg.3=DWORD,dwFlags
func.PathCreateFromUrlW.ret=HRESULT

PathFileExistsA=func
func.PathFileExistsA.args=1
func.PathFileExistsA.arg.0=LPCSTR,pszPath
func.PathFileExistsA.ret=BOOL

PathFileExistsW=func
func.PathFileExistsW.args=1
func.PathFileExistsW.arg.0=LPCWSTR,pszPath
func.PathFileExistsW.ret=BOOL

PathFindExtensionA=func
func.PathFindExtensionA.args=1
func.PathFindExtensionA.arg.0=LPCSTR,pszPath
func.PathFindExtensionA.ret=LPSTR

PathFindExtensionW=func
func.PathFindExtensionW.args=1
func.PathFindExtensionW.arg.0=LPCWSTR,pszPath
func.PathFindExtensionW.ret=LPWSTR

PathFindFileNameA=func
func.PathFindFileNameA.args=1
func.PathFindFileNameA.arg.0=LPCSTR,pszPath
func.PathFindFileNameA.ret=LPSTR

PathFindFileNameW=func
func.PathFindFileNameW.args=1
func.PathFindFileNameW.arg.0=LPCWSTR,pszPath
func.PathFindFileNameW.ret=LPWSTR

PathFindNextComponentA=func
func.PathFindNextComponentA.args=1
func.PathFindNextComponentA.arg.0=LPCSTR,pszPath
func.PathFindNextComponentA.ret=LPSTR

PathFindNextComponentW=func
func.PathFindNextComponentW.args=1
func.PathFindNextComponentW.arg.0=LPCWSTR,pszPath
func.PathFindNextComponentW.ret=LPWSTR

PathFindOnPathA=func
func.PathFindOnPathA.args=2
func.PathFindOnPathA.arg.0=LPSTR,pszPath
func.PathFindOnPathA.arg.1=PZPCSTR,ppszOtherDirs
func.PathFindOnPathA.ret=BOOL

PathFindOnPathW=func
func.PathFindOnPathW.args=2
func.PathFindOnPathW.arg.0=LPWSTR,pszPath
func.PathFindOnPathW.arg.1=PZPCWSTR,ppszOtherDirs
func.PathFindOnPathW.ret=BOOL

PathFindSuffixArrayA=func
func.PathFindSuffixArrayA.args=3
func.PathFindSuffixArrayA.arg.0=LPCSTR,pszPath
func.PathFindSuffixArrayA.arg.1=const LPCSTR *,apszSuffix
func.PathFindSuffixArrayA.arg.2=int,iArraySize
func.PathFindSuffixArrayA.ret=LPCSTR

PathFindSuffixArrayW=func
func.PathFindSuffixArrayW.args=3
func.PathFindSuffixArrayW.arg.0=LPCWSTR,pszPath
func.PathFindSuffixArrayW.arg.1=const LPCWSTR *,apszSuffix
func.PathFindSuffixArrayW.arg.2=int,iArraySize
func.PathFindSuffixArrayW.ret=LPCWSTR

PathGetArgsA=func
func.PathGetArgsA.args=1
func.PathGetArgsA.arg.0=LPCSTR,pszPath
func.PathGetArgsA.ret=LPSTR

PathGetArgsW=func
func.PathGetArgsW.args=1
func.PathGetArgsW.arg.0=LPCWSTR,pszPath
func.PathGetArgsW.ret=LPWSTR

PathGetCharTypeA=func
func.PathGetCharTypeA.args=1
func.PathGetCharTypeA.arg.0=UCHAR,ch
func.PathGetCharTypeA.ret=UINT

PathGetCharTypeW=func
func.PathGetCharTypeW.args=1
func.PathGetCharTypeW.arg.0=WCHAR,ch
func.PathGetCharTypeW.ret=UINT

PathGetDriveNumberA=func
func.PathGetDriveNumberA.args=1
func.PathGetDriveNumberA.arg.0=LPCSTR,pszPath
func.PathGetDriveNumberA.ret=int

PathGetDriveNumberW=func
func.PathGetDriveNumberW.args=1
func.PathGetDriveNumberW.arg.0=LPCWSTR,pszPath
func.PathGetDriveNumberW.ret=int

PathIsContentTypeA=func
func.PathIsContentTypeA.args=2
func.PathIsContentTypeA.arg.0=LPCSTR,pszPath
func.PathIsContentTypeA.arg.1=LPCSTR,pszContentType
func.PathIsContentTypeA.ret=BOOL

PathIsContentTypeW=func
func.PathIsContentTypeW.args=2
func.PathIsContentTypeW.arg.0=LPCWSTR,pszPath
func.PathIsContentTypeW.arg.1=LPCWSTR,pszContentType
func.PathIsContentTypeW.ret=BOOL

PathIsDirectoryA=func
func.PathIsDirectoryA.args=1
func.PathIsDirectoryA.arg.0=LPCSTR,pszPath
func.PathIsDirectoryA.ret=BOOL

PathIsDirectoryEmptyA=func
func.PathIsDirectoryEmptyA.args=1
func.PathIsDirectoryEmptyA.arg.0=LPCSTR,pszPath
func.PathIsDirectoryEmptyA.ret=BOOL

PathIsDirectoryEmptyW=func
func.PathIsDirectoryEmptyW.args=1
func.PathIsDirectoryEmptyW.arg.0=LPCWSTR,pszPath
func.PathIsDirectoryEmptyW.ret=BOOL

PathIsDirectoryW=func
func.PathIsDirectoryW.args=1
func.PathIsDirectoryW.arg.0=LPCWSTR,pszPath
func.PathIsDirectoryW.ret=BOOL

PathIsFileSpecA=func
func.PathIsFileSpecA.args=1
func.PathIsFileSpecA.arg.0=LPCSTR,pszPath
func.PathIsFileSpecA.ret=BOOL

PathIsFileSpecW=func
func.PathIsFileSpecW.args=1
func.PathIsFileSpecW.arg.0=LPCWSTR,pszPath
func.PathIsFileSpecW.ret=BOOL

PathIsLFNFileSpecA=func
func.PathIsLFNFileSpecA.args=1
func.PathIsLFNFileSpecA.arg.0=LPCSTR,pszName
func.PathIsLFNFileSpecA.ret=BOOL

PathIsLFNFileSpecW=func
func.PathIsLFNFileSpecW.args=1
func.PathIsLFNFileSpecW.arg.0=LPCWSTR,pszName
func.PathIsLFNFileSpecW.ret=BOOL

PathIsNetworkPathA=func
func.PathIsNetworkPathA.args=1
func.PathIsNetworkPathA.arg.0=LPCSTR,pszPath
func.PathIsNetworkPathA.ret=BOOL

PathIsNetworkPathW=func
func.PathIsNetworkPathW.args=1
func.PathIsNetworkPathW.arg.0=LPCWSTR,pszPath
func.PathIsNetworkPathW.ret=BOOL

PathIsPrefixA=func
func.PathIsPrefixA.args=2
func.PathIsPrefixA.arg.0=LPCSTR,pszPrefix
func.PathIsPrefixA.arg.1=LPCSTR,pszPath
func.PathIsPrefixA.ret=BOOL

PathIsPrefixW=func
func.PathIsPrefixW.args=2
func.PathIsPrefixW.arg.0=LPCWSTR,pszPrefix
func.PathIsPrefixW.arg.1=LPCWSTR,pszPath
func.PathIsPrefixW.ret=BOOL

PathIsRelativeA=func
func.PathIsRelativeA.args=1
func.PathIsRelativeA.arg.0=LPCSTR,pszPath
func.PathIsRelativeA.ret=BOOL

PathIsRelativeW=func
func.PathIsRelativeW.args=1
func.PathIsRelativeW.arg.0=LPCWSTR,pszPath
func.PathIsRelativeW.ret=BOOL

PathIsRootA=func
func.PathIsRootA.args=1
func.PathIsRootA.arg.0=LPCSTR,pszPath
func.PathIsRootA.ret=BOOL

PathIsRootW=func
func.PathIsRootW.args=1
func.PathIsRootW.arg.0=LPCWSTR,pszPath
func.PathIsRootW.ret=BOOL

PathIsSameRootA=func
func.PathIsSameRootA.args=2
func.PathIsSameRootA.arg.0=LPCSTR,pszPath1
func.PathIsSameRootA.arg.1=LPCSTR,pszPath2
func.PathIsSameRootA.ret=BOOL

PathIsSameRootW=func
func.PathIsSameRootW.args=2
func.PathIsSameRootW.arg.0=LPCWSTR,pszPath1
func.PathIsSameRootW.arg.1=LPCWSTR,pszPath2
func.PathIsSameRootW.ret=BOOL

PathIsSystemFolderA=func
func.PathIsSystemFolderA.args=2
func.PathIsSystemFolderA.arg.0=LPCSTR,pszPath
func.PathIsSystemFolderA.arg.1=DWORD,dwAttrb
func.PathIsSystemFolderA.ret=BOOL

PathIsSystemFolderW=func
func.PathIsSystemFolderW.args=2
func.PathIsSystemFolderW.arg.0=LPCWSTR,pszPath
func.PathIsSystemFolderW.arg.1=DWORD,dwAttrb
func.PathIsSystemFolderW.ret=BOOL

PathIsUNCA=func
func.PathIsUNCA.args=1
func.PathIsUNCA.arg.0=LPCSTR,pszPath
func.PathIsUNCA.ret=BOOL

PathIsUNCServerA=func
func.PathIsUNCServerA.args=1
func.PathIsUNCServerA.arg.0=LPCSTR,pszPath
func.PathIsUNCServerA.ret=BOOL

PathIsUNCServerShareA=func
func.PathIsUNCServerShareA.args=1
func.PathIsUNCServerShareA.arg.0=LPCSTR,pszPath
func.PathIsUNCServerShareA.ret=BOOL

PathIsUNCServerShareW=func
func.PathIsUNCServerShareW.args=1
func.PathIsUNCServerShareW.arg.0=LPCWSTR,pszPath
func.PathIsUNCServerShareW.ret=BOOL

PathIsUNCServerW=func
func.PathIsUNCServerW.args=1
func.PathIsUNCServerW.arg.0=LPCWSTR,pszPath
func.PathIsUNCServerW.ret=BOOL

PathIsUNCW=func
func.PathIsUNCW.args=1
func.PathIsUNCW.arg.0=LPCWSTR,pszPath
func.PathIsUNCW.ret=BOOL

PathIsURLA=func
func.PathIsURLA.args=1
func.PathIsURLA.arg.0=LPCSTR,pszPath
func.PathIsURLA.ret=BOOL

PathIsURLW=func
func.PathIsURLW.args=1
func.PathIsURLW.arg.0=LPCWSTR,pszPath
func.PathIsURLW.ret=BOOL

PathMakePrettyA=func
func.PathMakePrettyA.args=1
func.PathMakePrettyA.arg.0=LPSTR,pszPath
func.PathMakePrettyA.ret=BOOL

PathMakePrettyW=func
func.PathMakePrettyW.args=1
func.PathMakePrettyW.arg.0=LPWSTR,pszPath
func.PathMakePrettyW.ret=BOOL

PathMakeSystemFolderA=func
func.PathMakeSystemFolderA.args=1
func.PathMakeSystemFolderA.arg.0=LPCSTR,pszPath
func.PathMakeSystemFolderA.ret=BOOL

PathMakeSystemFolderW=func
func.PathMakeSystemFolderW.args=1
func.PathMakeSystemFolderW.arg.0=LPCWSTR,pszPath
func.PathMakeSystemFolderW.ret=BOOL

PathMatchSpecA=func
func.PathMatchSpecA.args=2
func.PathMatchSpecA.arg.0=LPCSTR,pszFile
func.PathMatchSpecA.arg.1=LPCSTR,pszSpec
func.PathMatchSpecA.ret=BOOL

PathMatchSpecExA=func
func.PathMatchSpecExA.args=3
func.PathMatchSpecExA.arg.0=LPCSTR,pszFile
func.PathMatchSpecExA.arg.1=LPCSTR,pszSpec
func.PathMatchSpecExA.arg.2=DWORD,dwFlags
func.PathMatchSpecExA.ret=HRESULT

PathMatchSpecExW=func
func.PathMatchSpecExW.args=3
func.PathMatchSpecExW.arg.0=LPCWSTR,pszFile
func.PathMatchSpecExW.arg.1=LPCWSTR,pszSpec
func.PathMatchSpecExW.arg.2=DWORD,dwFlags
func.PathMatchSpecExW.ret=HRESULT

PathMatchSpecW=func
func.PathMatchSpecW.args=2
func.PathMatchSpecW.arg.0=LPCWSTR,pszFile
func.PathMatchSpecW.arg.1=LPCWSTR,pszSpec
func.PathMatchSpecW.ret=BOOL

PathParseIconLocationA=func
func.PathParseIconLocationA.args=1
func.PathParseIconLocationA.arg.0=LPSTR,pszIconFile
func.PathParseIconLocationA.ret=int

PathParseIconLocationW=func
func.PathParseIconLocationW.args=1
func.PathParseIconLocationW.arg.0=LPWSTR,pszIconFile
func.PathParseIconLocationW.ret=int

PathQuoteSpacesA=func
func.PathQuoteSpacesA.args=1
func.PathQuoteSpacesA.arg.0=LPSTR,lpsz
func.PathQuoteSpacesA.ret=BOOL

PathQuoteSpacesW=func
func.PathQuoteSpacesW.args=1
func.PathQuoteSpacesW.arg.0=LPWSTR,lpsz
func.PathQuoteSpacesW.ret=BOOL

PathRelativePathToA=func
func.PathRelativePathToA.args=5
func.PathRelativePathToA.arg.0=LPSTR,pszPath
func.PathRelativePathToA.arg.1=LPCSTR,pszFrom
func.PathRelativePathToA.arg.2=DWORD,dwAttrFrom
func.PathRelativePathToA.arg.3=LPCSTR,pszTo
func.PathRelativePathToA.arg.4=DWORD,dwAttrTo
func.PathRelativePathToA.ret=BOOL

PathRelativePathToW=func
func.PathRelativePathToW.args=5
func.PathRelativePathToW.arg.0=LPWSTR,pszPath
func.PathRelativePathToW.arg.1=LPCWSTR,pszFrom
func.PathRelativePathToW.arg.2=DWORD,dwAttrFrom
func.PathRelativePathToW.arg.3=LPCWSTR,pszTo
func.PathRelativePathToW.arg.4=DWORD,dwAttrTo
func.PathRelativePathToW.ret=BOOL

PathRemoveArgsA=func
func.PathRemoveArgsA.args=1
func.PathRemoveArgsA.arg.0=LPSTR,pszPath
func.PathRemoveArgsA.ret=void

PathRemoveArgsW=func
func.PathRemoveArgsW.args=1
func.PathRemoveArgsW.arg.0=LPWSTR,pszPath
func.PathRemoveArgsW.ret=void

PathRemoveBackslashA=func
func.PathRemoveBackslashA.args=1
func.PathRemoveBackslashA.arg.0=LPSTR,pszPath
func.PathRemoveBackslashA.ret=LPSTR

PathRemoveBackslashW=func
func.PathRemoveBackslashW.args=1
func.PathRemoveBackslashW.arg.0=LPWSTR,pszPath
func.PathRemoveBackslashW.ret=LPWSTR

PathRemoveBlanksA=func
func.PathRemoveBlanksA.args=1
func.PathRemoveBlanksA.arg.0=LPSTR,pszPath
func.PathRemoveBlanksA.ret=void

PathRemoveBlanksW=func
func.PathRemoveBlanksW.args=1
func.PathRemoveBlanksW.arg.0=LPWSTR,pszPath
func.PathRemoveBlanksW.ret=void

PathRemoveExtensionA=func
func.PathRemoveExtensionA.args=1
func.PathRemoveExtensionA.arg.0=LPSTR,pszPath
func.PathRemoveExtensionA.ret=void

PathRemoveExtensionW=func
func.PathRemoveExtensionW.args=1
func.PathRemoveExtensionW.arg.0=LPWSTR,pszPath
func.PathRemoveExtensionW.ret=void

PathRemoveFileSpecA=func
func.PathRemoveFileSpecA.args=1
func.PathRemoveFileSpecA.arg.0=LPSTR,pszPath
func.PathRemoveFileSpecA.ret=BOOL

PathRemoveFileSpecW=func
func.PathRemoveFileSpecW.args=1
func.PathRemoveFileSpecW.arg.0=LPWSTR,pszPath
func.PathRemoveFileSpecW.ret=BOOL

PathRenameExtensionA=func
func.PathRenameExtensionA.args=2
func.PathRenameExtensionA.arg.0=LPSTR,pszPath
func.PathRenameExtensionA.arg.1=LPCSTR,pszExt
func.PathRenameExtensionA.ret=BOOL

PathRenameExtensionW=func
func.PathRenameExtensionW.args=2
func.PathRenameExtensionW.arg.0=LPWSTR,pszPath
func.PathRenameExtensionW.arg.1=LPCWSTR,pszExt
func.PathRenameExtensionW.ret=BOOL

PathSearchAndQualifyA=func
func.PathSearchAndQualifyA.args=3
func.PathSearchAndQualifyA.arg.0=LPCSTR,pszPath
func.PathSearchAndQualifyA.arg.1=LPSTR,pszBuf
func.PathSearchAndQualifyA.arg.2=UINT,cchBuf
func.PathSearchAndQualifyA.ret=BOOL

PathSearchAndQualifyW=func
func.PathSearchAndQualifyW.args=3
func.PathSearchAndQualifyW.arg.0=LPCWSTR,pszPath
func.PathSearchAndQualifyW.arg.1=LPWSTR,pszBuf
func.PathSearchAndQualifyW.arg.2=UINT,cchBuf
func.PathSearchAndQualifyW.ret=BOOL

PathSetDlgItemPathA=func
func.PathSetDlgItemPathA.args=3
func.PathSetDlgItemPathA.arg.0=HWND,hDlg
func.PathSetDlgItemPathA.arg.1=int,id
func.PathSetDlgItemPathA.arg.2=LPCSTR,pszPath
func.PathSetDlgItemPathA.ret=void

PathSetDlgItemPathW=func
func.PathSetDlgItemPathW.args=3
func.PathSetDlgItemPathW.arg.0=HWND,hDlg
func.PathSetDlgItemPathW.arg.1=int,id
func.PathSetDlgItemPathW.arg.2=LPCWSTR,pszPath
func.PathSetDlgItemPathW.ret=void

PathSkipRootA=func
func.PathSkipRootA.args=1
func.PathSkipRootA.arg.0=LPCSTR,pszPath
func.PathSkipRootA.ret=LPSTR

PathSkipRootW=func
func.PathSkipRootW.args=1
func.PathSkipRootW.arg.0=LPCWSTR,pszPath
func.PathSkipRootW.ret=LPWSTR

PathStripPathA=func
func.PathStripPathA.args=1
func.PathStripPathA.arg.0=LPSTR,pszPath
func.PathStripPathA.ret=void

PathStripPathW=func
func.PathStripPathW.args=1
func.PathStripPathW.arg.0=LPWSTR,pszPath
func.PathStripPathW.ret=void

PathStripToRootA=func
func.PathStripToRootA.args=1
func.PathStripToRootA.arg.0=LPSTR,pszPath
func.PathStripToRootA.ret=BOOL

PathStripToRootW=func
func.PathStripToRootW.args=1
func.PathStripToRootW.arg.0=LPWSTR,pszPath
func.PathStripToRootW.ret=BOOL

PathUnExpandEnvStringsA=func
func.PathUnExpandEnvStringsA.args=3
func.PathUnExpandEnvStringsA.arg.0=LPCSTR,pszPath
func.PathUnExpandEnvStringsA.arg.1=LPSTR,pszBuf
func.PathUnExpandEnvStringsA.arg.2=UINT,cchBuf
func.PathUnExpandEnvStringsA.ret=BOOL

PathUnExpandEnvStringsW=func
func.PathUnExpandEnvStringsW.args=3
func.PathUnExpandEnvStringsW.arg.0=LPCWSTR,pszPath
func.PathUnExpandEnvStringsW.arg.1=LPWSTR,pszBuf
func.PathUnExpandEnvStringsW.arg.2=UINT,cchBuf
func.PathUnExpandEnvStringsW.ret=BOOL

PathUndecorateA=func
func.PathUndecorateA.args=1
func.PathUndecorateA.arg.0=LPSTR,pszPath
func.PathUndecorateA.ret=void

PathUndecorateW=func
func.PathUndecorateW.args=1
func.PathUndecorateW.arg.0=LPWSTR,pszPath
func.PathUndecorateW.ret=void

PathUnmakeSystemFolderA=func
func.PathUnmakeSystemFolderA.args=1
func.PathUnmakeSystemFolderA.arg.0=LPCSTR,pszPath
func.PathUnmakeSystemFolderA.ret=BOOL

PathUnmakeSystemFolderW=func
func.PathUnmakeSystemFolderW.args=1
func.PathUnmakeSystemFolderW.arg.0=LPCWSTR,pszPath
func.PathUnmakeSystemFolderW.ret=BOOL

PathUnquoteSpacesA=func
func.PathUnquoteSpacesA.args=1
func.PathUnquoteSpacesA.arg.0=LPSTR,lpsz
func.PathUnquoteSpacesA.ret=BOOL

PathUnquoteSpacesW=func
func.PathUnquoteSpacesW.args=1
func.PathUnquoteSpacesW.arg.0=LPWSTR,lpsz
func.PathUnquoteSpacesW.ret=BOOL

QISearch=func
func.QISearch.args=4
func.QISearch.arg.0=void *,that
func.QISearch.arg.1=LPCQITAB,pqit
func.QISearch.arg.2=REFIID,riid
func.QISearch.arg.3=void **,ppv
func.QISearch.ret=HRESULT

SHAllocShared=func
func.SHAllocShared.args=3
func.SHAllocShared.arg.0=const void *,pvData
func.SHAllocShared.arg.1=DWORD,dwSize
func.SHAllocShared.arg.2=DWORD,dwProcessId
func.SHAllocShared.ret=HANDLE

SHAnsiToAnsi=func
func.SHAnsiToAnsi.args=3
func.SHAnsiToAnsi.arg.0=PCSTR,pszSrc
func.SHAnsiToAnsi.arg.1=PSTR,pszDst
func.SHAnsiToAnsi.arg.2=int,cchBuf
func.SHAnsiToAnsi.ret=int

SHAnsiToUnicode=func
func.SHAnsiToUnicode.args=3
func.SHAnsiToUnicode.arg.0=PCSTR,pszSrc
func.SHAnsiToUnicode.arg.1=PWSTR,pwszDst
func.SHAnsiToUnicode.arg.2=int,cwchBuf
func.SHAnsiToUnicode.ret=int

SHAutoComplete=func
func.SHAutoComplete.args=2
func.SHAutoComplete.arg.0=HWND,hwndEdit
func.SHAutoComplete.arg.1=DWORD,dwFlags
func.SHAutoComplete.ret=HRESULT

SHCopyKeyA=func
func.SHCopyKeyA.args=4
func.SHCopyKeyA.arg.0=HKEY,hkeySrc
func.SHCopyKeyA.arg.1=LPCSTR,pszSrcSubKey
func.SHCopyKeyA.arg.2=HKEY,hkeyDest
func.SHCopyKeyA.arg.3=DWORD,fReserved
func.SHCopyKeyA.ret=LSTATUS

SHCopyKeyW=func
func.SHCopyKeyW.args=4
func.SHCopyKeyW.arg.0=HKEY,hkeySrc
func.SHCopyKeyW.arg.1=LPCWSTR,pszSrcSubKey
func.SHCopyKeyW.arg.2=HKEY,hkeyDest
func.SHCopyKeyW.arg.3=DWORD,fReserved
func.SHCopyKeyW.ret=LSTATUS

SHCreateMemStream=func
func.SHCreateMemStream.args=2
func.SHCreateMemStream.arg.0=const BYTE *,pInit
func.SHCreateMemStream.arg.1=UINT,cbInit
func.SHCreateMemStream.ret=IStream *

SHCreateShellPalette=func
func.SHCreateShellPalette.args=1
func.SHCreateShellPalette.arg.0=HDC,hdc
func.SHCreateShellPalette.ret=HPALETTE

SHCreateStreamOnFileA=func
func.SHCreateStreamOnFileA.args=3
func.SHCreateStreamOnFileA.arg.0=LPCSTR,pszFile
func.SHCreateStreamOnFileA.arg.1=DWORD,grfMode
func.SHCreateStreamOnFileA.arg.2=IStream **,ppstm
func.SHCreateStreamOnFileA.ret=HRESULT

SHCreateStreamOnFileEx=func
func.SHCreateStreamOnFileEx.args=6
func.SHCreateStreamOnFileEx.arg.0=LPCWSTR,pszFile
func.SHCreateStreamOnFileEx.arg.1=DWORD,grfMode
func.SHCreateStreamOnFileEx.arg.2=DWORD,dwAttributes
func.SHCreateStreamOnFileEx.arg.3=BOOL,fCreate
func.SHCreateStreamOnFileEx.arg.4=IStream *,pstmTemplate
func.SHCreateStreamOnFileEx.arg.5=IStream **,ppstm
func.SHCreateStreamOnFileEx.ret=HRESULT

SHCreateStreamOnFileW=func
func.SHCreateStreamOnFileW.args=3
func.SHCreateStreamOnFileW.arg.0=LPCWSTR,pszFile
func.SHCreateStreamOnFileW.arg.1=DWORD,grfMode
func.SHCreateStreamOnFileW.arg.2=IStream **,ppstm
func.SHCreateStreamOnFileW.ret=HRESULT

SHCreateThread=func
func.SHCreateThread.args=4
func.SHCreateThread.arg.0=LPTHREAD_START_ROUTINE,pfnThreadProc
func.SHCreateThread.arg.1=void *,pData
func.SHCreateThread.arg.2=SHCT_FLAGS,flags
func.SHCreateThread.arg.3=LPTHREAD_START_ROUTINE,pfnCallback
func.SHCreateThread.ret=BOOL

SHCreateThreadRef=func
func.SHCreateThreadRef.args=2
func.SHCreateThreadRef.arg.0=LONG *,pcRef
func.SHCreateThreadRef.arg.1=IUnknown **,ppunk
func.SHCreateThreadRef.ret=HRESULT

SHCreateThreadWithHandle=func
func.SHCreateThreadWithHandle.args=5
func.SHCreateThreadWithHandle.arg.0=LPTHREAD_START_ROUTINE,pfnThreadProc
func.SHCreateThreadWithHandle.arg.1=void *,pData
func.SHCreateThreadWithHandle.arg.2=SHCT_FLAGS,flags
func.SHCreateThreadWithHandle.arg.3=LPTHREAD_START_ROUTINE,pfnCallback
func.SHCreateThreadWithHandle.arg.4=HANDLE *,pHandle
func.SHCreateThreadWithHandle.ret=BOOL

SHDeleteEmptyKeyA=func
func.SHDeleteEmptyKeyA.args=2
func.SHDeleteEmptyKeyA.arg.0=HKEY,hkey
func.SHDeleteEmptyKeyA.arg.1=LPCSTR,pszSubKey
func.SHDeleteEmptyKeyA.ret=LSTATUS

SHDeleteEmptyKeyW=func
func.SHDeleteEmptyKeyW.args=2
func.SHDeleteEmptyKeyW.arg.0=HKEY,hkey
func.SHDeleteEmptyKeyW.arg.1=LPCWSTR,pszSubKey
func.SHDeleteEmptyKeyW.ret=LSTATUS

SHDeleteKeyA=func
func.SHDeleteKeyA.args=2
func.SHDeleteKeyA.arg.0=HKEY,hkey
func.SHDeleteKeyA.arg.1=LPCSTR,pszSubKey
func.SHDeleteKeyA.ret=LSTATUS

SHDeleteKeyW=func
func.SHDeleteKeyW.args=2
func.SHDeleteKeyW.arg.0=HKEY,hkey
func.SHDeleteKeyW.arg.1=LPCWSTR,pszSubKey
func.SHDeleteKeyW.ret=LSTATUS

SHDeleteValueA=func
func.SHDeleteValueA.args=3
func.SHDeleteValueA.arg.0=HKEY,hkey
func.SHDeleteValueA.arg.1=LPCSTR,pszSubKey
func.SHDeleteValueA.arg.2=LPCSTR,pszValue
func.SHDeleteValueA.ret=LSTATUS

SHDeleteValueW=func
func.SHDeleteValueW.args=3
func.SHDeleteValueW.arg.0=HKEY,hkey
func.SHDeleteValueW.arg.1=LPCWSTR,pszSubKey
func.SHDeleteValueW.arg.2=LPCWSTR,pszValue
func.SHDeleteValueW.ret=LSTATUS

SHEnumKeyExA=func
func.SHEnumKeyExA.args=4
func.SHEnumKeyExA.arg.0=HKEY,hkey
func.SHEnumKeyExA.arg.1=DWORD,dwIndex
func.SHEnumKeyExA.arg.2=LPSTR,pszName
func.SHEnumKeyExA.arg.3=LPDWORD,pcchName
func.SHEnumKeyExA.ret=LSTATUS

SHEnumKeyExW=func
func.SHEnumKeyExW.args=4
func.SHEnumKeyExW.arg.0=HKEY,hkey
func.SHEnumKeyExW.arg.1=DWORD,dwIndex
func.SHEnumKeyExW.arg.2=LPWSTR,pszName
func.SHEnumKeyExW.arg.3=LPDWORD,pcchName
func.SHEnumKeyExW.ret=LSTATUS

SHEnumValueA=func
func.SHEnumValueA.args=7
func.SHEnumValueA.arg.0=HKEY,hkey
func.SHEnumValueA.arg.1=DWORD,dwIndex
func.SHEnumValueA.arg.2=PSTR,pszValueName
func.SHEnumValueA.arg.3=LPDWORD,pcchValueName
func.SHEnumValueA.arg.4=LPDWORD,pdwType
func.SHEnumValueA.arg.5=void *,pvData
func.SHEnumValueA.arg.6=LPDWORD,pcbData
func.SHEnumValueA.ret=LSTATUS

SHEnumValueW=func
func.SHEnumValueW.args=7
func.SHEnumValueW.arg.0=HKEY,hkey
func.SHEnumValueW.arg.1=DWORD,dwIndex
func.SHEnumValueW.arg.2=PWSTR,pszValueName
func.SHEnumValueW.arg.3=LPDWORD,pcchValueName
func.SHEnumValueW.arg.4=LPDWORD,pdwType
func.SHEnumValueW.arg.5=void *,pvData
func.SHEnumValueW.arg.6=LPDWORD,pcbData
func.SHEnumValueW.ret=LSTATUS

SHFormatDateTimeA=func
func.SHFormatDateTimeA.args=4
func.SHFormatDateTimeA.arg.0=const FILETIME *,pft
func.SHFormatDateTimeA.arg.1=DWORD *,pdwFlags
func.SHFormatDateTimeA.arg.2=LPSTR,pszBuf
func.SHFormatDateTimeA.arg.3=UINT,cchBuf
func.SHFormatDateTimeA.ret=int

SHFormatDateTimeW=func
func.SHFormatDateTimeW.args=4
func.SHFormatDateTimeW.arg.0=const FILETIME *,pft
func.SHFormatDateTimeW.arg.1=DWORD *,pdwFlags
func.SHFormatDateTimeW.arg.2=LPWSTR,pszBuf
func.SHFormatDateTimeW.arg.3=UINT,cchBuf
func.SHFormatDateTimeW.ret=int

SHFreeShared=func
func.SHFreeShared.args=2
func.SHFreeShared.arg.0=HANDLE,hData
func.SHFreeShared.arg.1=DWORD,dwProcessId
func.SHFreeShared.ret=BOOL

SHGetAssocKeys=func
func.SHGetAssocKeys.args=3
func.SHGetAssocKeys.arg.0=IQueryAssociations *,pqa
func.SHGetAssocKeys.arg.1=HKEY *,rgKeys
func.SHGetAssocKeys.arg.2=DWORD,cKeys
func.SHGetAssocKeys.ret=DWORD

SHGetInverseCMAP=func
func.SHGetInverseCMAP.args=2
func.SHGetInverseCMAP.arg.0=BYTE *,pbMap
func.SHGetInverseCMAP.arg.1=ULONG,cbMap
func.SHGetInverseCMAP.ret=HRESULT

SHGetThreadRef=func
func.SHGetThreadRef.args=1
func.SHGetThreadRef.arg.0=IUnknown **,ppunk
func.SHGetThreadRef.ret=HRESULT

SHGetValueA=func
func.SHGetValueA.args=6
func.SHGetValueA.arg.0=HKEY,hkey
func.SHGetValueA.arg.1=LPCSTR,pszSubKey
func.SHGetValueA.arg.2=LPCSTR,pszValue
func.SHGetValueA.arg.3=DWORD *,pdwType
func.SHGetValueA.arg.4=void *,pvData
func.SHGetValueA.arg.5=DWORD *,pcbData
func.SHGetValueA.ret=LSTATUS

SHGetValueW=func
func.SHGetValueW.args=6
func.SHGetValueW.arg.0=HKEY,hkey
func.SHGetValueW.arg.1=LPCWSTR,pszSubKey
func.SHGetValueW.arg.2=LPCWSTR,pszValue
func.SHGetValueW.arg.3=DWORD *,pdwType
func.SHGetValueW.arg.4=void *,pvData
func.SHGetValueW.arg.5=DWORD *,pcbData
func.SHGetValueW.ret=LSTATUS

SHGetViewStatePropertyBag=func
func.SHGetViewStatePropertyBag.args=5
func.SHGetViewStatePropertyBag.arg.0=PCIDLIST_ABSOLUTE,pidl
func.SHGetViewStatePropertyBag.arg.1=PCWSTR,pszBagName
func.SHGetViewStatePropertyBag.arg.2=DWORD,dwFlags
func.SHGetViewStatePropertyBag.arg.3=REFIID,riid
func.SHGetViewStatePropertyBag.arg.4=void **,ppv
func.SHGetViewStatePropertyBag.ret=HRESULT

SHGlobalCounterDecrement=func
func.SHGlobalCounterDecrement.args=1
func.SHGlobalCounterDecrement.arg.0=const SHGLOBALCOUNTER,id
func.SHGlobalCounterDecrement.ret=long

SHGlobalCounterGetValue=func
func.SHGlobalCounterGetValue.args=1
func.SHGlobalCounterGetValue.arg.0=const SHGLOBALCOUNTER,id
func.SHGlobalCounterGetValue.ret=long

SHGlobalCounterIncrement=func
func.SHGlobalCounterIncrement.args=1
func.SHGlobalCounterIncrement.arg.0=const SHGLOBALCOUNTER,id
func.SHGlobalCounterIncrement.ret=long

SHIsLowMemoryMachine=func
func.SHIsLowMemoryMachine.args=1
func.SHIsLowMemoryMachine.arg.0=DWORD,dwType
func.SHIsLowMemoryMachine.ret=BOOL

SHLoadIndirectString=func
func.SHLoadIndirectString.args=4
func.SHLoadIndirectString.arg.0=PCWSTR,pszSource
func.SHLoadIndirectString.arg.1=PWSTR,pszOutBuf
func.SHLoadIndirectString.arg.2=UINT,cchOutBuf
func.SHLoadIndirectString.arg.3=void **,ppvReserved
func.SHLoadIndirectString.ret=HRESULT

SHLockShared=func
func.SHLockShared.args=2
func.SHLockShared.arg.0=HANDLE,hData
func.SHLockShared.arg.1=DWORD,dwProcessId
func.SHLockShared.ret=void *

SHMessageBoxCheckA=func
func.SHMessageBoxCheckA.args=6
func.SHMessageBoxCheckA.arg.0=HWND,hwnd
func.SHMessageBoxCheckA.arg.1=LPCSTR,pszText
func.SHMessageBoxCheckA.arg.2=LPCSTR,pszCaption
func.SHMessageBoxCheckA.arg.3=UINT,uType
func.SHMessageBoxCheckA.arg.4=int,iDefault
func.SHMessageBoxCheckA.arg.5=LPCSTR,pszRegVal
func.SHMessageBoxCheckA.ret=int

SHMessageBoxCheckW=func
func.SHMessageBoxCheckW.args=6
func.SHMessageBoxCheckW.arg.0=HWND,hwnd
func.SHMessageBoxCheckW.arg.1=LPCWSTR,pszText
func.SHMessageBoxCheckW.arg.2=LPCWSTR,pszCaption
func.SHMessageBoxCheckW.arg.3=UINT,uType
func.SHMessageBoxCheckW.arg.4=int,iDefault
func.SHMessageBoxCheckW.arg.5=LPCWSTR,pszRegVal
func.SHMessageBoxCheckW.ret=int

SHOpenRegStream2A=func
func.SHOpenRegStream2A.args=4
func.SHOpenRegStream2A.arg.0=HKEY,hkey
func.SHOpenRegStream2A.arg.1=LPCSTR,pszSubkey
func.SHOpenRegStream2A.arg.2=LPCSTR,pszValue
func.SHOpenRegStream2A.arg.3=DWORD,grfMode
func.SHOpenRegStream2A.ret=IStream *

SHOpenRegStream2W=func
func.SHOpenRegStream2W.args=4
func.SHOpenRegStream2W.arg.0=HKEY,hkey
func.SHOpenRegStream2W.arg.1=LPCWSTR,pszSubkey
func.SHOpenRegStream2W.arg.2=LPCWSTR,pszValue
func.SHOpenRegStream2W.arg.3=DWORD,grfMode
func.SHOpenRegStream2W.ret=IStream *

SHOpenRegStreamA=func
func.SHOpenRegStreamA.args=4
func.SHOpenRegStreamA.arg.0=HKEY,hkey
func.SHOpenRegStreamA.arg.1=LPCSTR,pszSubkey
func.SHOpenRegStreamA.arg.2=LPCSTR,pszValue
func.SHOpenRegStreamA.arg.3=DWORD,grfMode
func.SHOpenRegStreamA.ret=IStream *

SHOpenRegStreamW=func
func.SHOpenRegStreamW.args=4
func.SHOpenRegStreamW.arg.0=HKEY,hkey
func.SHOpenRegStreamW.arg.1=LPCWSTR,pszSubkey
func.SHOpenRegStreamW.arg.2=LPCWSTR,pszValue
func.SHOpenRegStreamW.arg.3=DWORD,grfMode
func.SHOpenRegStreamW.ret=IStream *

SHQueryInfoKeyA=func
func.SHQueryInfoKeyA.args=5
func.SHQueryInfoKeyA.arg.0=HKEY,hkey
func.SHQueryInfoKeyA.arg.1=LPDWORD,pcSubKeys
func.SHQueryInfoKeyA.arg.2=LPDWORD,pcchMaxSubKeyLen
func.SHQueryInfoKeyA.arg.3=LPDWORD,pcValues
func.SHQueryInfoKeyA.arg.4=LPDWORD,pcchMaxValueNameLen
func.SHQueryInfoKeyA.ret=LSTATUS

SHQueryInfoKeyW=func
func.SHQueryInfoKeyW.args=5
func.SHQueryInfoKeyW.arg.0=HKEY,hkey
func.SHQueryInfoKeyW.arg.1=LPDWORD,pcSubKeys
func.SHQueryInfoKeyW.arg.2=LPDWORD,pcchMaxSubKeyLen
func.SHQueryInfoKeyW.arg.3=LPDWORD,pcValues
func.SHQueryInfoKeyW.arg.4=LPDWORD,pcchMaxValueNameLen
func.SHQueryInfoKeyW.ret=LSTATUS

SHQueryValueExA=func
func.SHQueryValueExA.args=6
func.SHQueryValueExA.arg.0=HKEY,hkey
func.SHQueryValueExA.arg.1=LPCSTR,pszValue
func.SHQueryValueExA.arg.2=DWORD *,pdwReserved
func.SHQueryValueExA.arg.3=DWORD *,pdwType
func.SHQueryValueExA.arg.4=void *,pvData
func.SHQueryValueExA.arg.5=DWORD *,pcbData
func.SHQueryValueExA.ret=LSTATUS

SHQueryValueExW=func
func.SHQueryValueExW.args=6
func.SHQueryValueExW.arg.0=HKEY,hkey
func.SHQueryValueExW.arg.1=LPCWSTR,pszValue
func.SHQueryValueExW.arg.2=DWORD *,pdwReserved
func.SHQueryValueExW.arg.3=DWORD *,pdwType
func.SHQueryValueExW.arg.4=void *,pvData
func.SHQueryValueExW.arg.5=DWORD *,pcbData
func.SHQueryValueExW.ret=LSTATUS

SHRegCloseUSKey=func
func.SHRegCloseUSKey.args=1
func.SHRegCloseUSKey.arg.0=HUSKEY,hUSKey
func.SHRegCloseUSKey.ret=LSTATUS

SHRegCreateUSKeyA=func
func.SHRegCreateUSKeyA.args=5
func.SHRegCreateUSKeyA.arg.0=LPCSTR,pszPath
func.SHRegCreateUSKeyA.arg.1=REGSAM,samDesired
func.SHRegCreateUSKeyA.arg.2=HUSKEY,hRelativeUSKey
func.SHRegCreateUSKeyA.arg.3=PHUSKEY,phNewUSKey
func.SHRegCreateUSKeyA.arg.4=DWORD,dwFlags
func.SHRegCreateUSKeyA.ret=LSTATUS

SHRegCreateUSKeyW=func
func.SHRegCreateUSKeyW.args=5
func.SHRegCreateUSKeyW.arg.0=LPCWSTR,pwzPath
func.SHRegCreateUSKeyW.arg.1=REGSAM,samDesired
func.SHRegCreateUSKeyW.arg.2=HUSKEY,hRelativeUSKey
func.SHRegCreateUSKeyW.arg.3=PHUSKEY,phNewUSKey
func.SHRegCreateUSKeyW.arg.4=DWORD,dwFlags
func.SHRegCreateUSKeyW.ret=LSTATUS

SHRegDeleteEmptyUSKeyA=func
func.SHRegDeleteEmptyUSKeyA.args=3
func.SHRegDeleteEmptyUSKeyA.arg.0=HUSKEY,hUSKey
func.SHRegDeleteEmptyUSKeyA.arg.1=LPCSTR,pszSubKey
func.SHRegDeleteEmptyUSKeyA.arg.2=SHREGDEL_FLAGS,delRegFlags
func.SHRegDeleteEmptyUSKeyA.ret=LSTATUS

SHRegDeleteEmptyUSKeyW=func
func.SHRegDeleteEmptyUSKeyW.args=3
func.SHRegDeleteEmptyUSKeyW.arg.0=HUSKEY,hUSKey
func.SHRegDeleteEmptyUSKeyW.arg.1=LPCWSTR,pwzSubKey
func.SHRegDeleteEmptyUSKeyW.arg.2=SHREGDEL_FLAGS,delRegFlags
func.SHRegDeleteEmptyUSKeyW.ret=LSTATUS

SHRegDeleteUSValueA=func
func.SHRegDeleteUSValueA.args=3
func.SHRegDeleteUSValueA.arg.0=HUSKEY,hUSKey
func.SHRegDeleteUSValueA.arg.1=LPCSTR,pszValue
func.SHRegDeleteUSValueA.arg.2=SHREGDEL_FLAGS,delRegFlags
func.SHRegDeleteUSValueA.ret=LSTATUS

SHRegDeleteUSValueW=func
func.SHRegDeleteUSValueW.args=3
func.SHRegDeleteUSValueW.arg.0=HUSKEY,hUSKey
func.SHRegDeleteUSValueW.arg.1=LPCWSTR,pwzValue
func.SHRegDeleteUSValueW.arg.2=SHREGDEL_FLAGS,delRegFlags
func.SHRegDeleteUSValueW.ret=LSTATUS

SHRegDuplicateHKey=func
func.SHRegDuplicateHKey.args=1
func.SHRegDuplicateHKey.arg.0=HKEY,hkey
func.SHRegDuplicateHKey.ret=HKEY

SHRegEnumUSKeyA=func
func.SHRegEnumUSKeyA.args=5
func.SHRegEnumUSKeyA.arg.0=HUSKEY,hUSKey
func.SHRegEnumUSKeyA.arg.1=DWORD,dwIndex
func.SHRegEnumUSKeyA.arg.2=LPSTR,pszName
func.SHRegEnumUSKeyA.arg.3=LPDWORD,pcchName
func.SHRegEnumUSKeyA.arg.4=SHREGENUM_FLAGS,enumRegFlags
func.SHRegEnumUSKeyA.ret=LSTATUS

SHRegEnumUSKeyW=func
func.SHRegEnumUSKeyW.args=5
func.SHRegEnumUSKeyW.arg.0=HUSKEY,hUSKey
func.SHRegEnumUSKeyW.arg.1=DWORD,dwIndex
func.SHRegEnumUSKeyW.arg.2=LPWSTR,pwzName
func.SHRegEnumUSKeyW.arg.3=LPDWORD,pcchName
func.SHRegEnumUSKeyW.arg.4=SHREGENUM_FLAGS,enumRegFlags
func.SHRegEnumUSKeyW.ret=LSTATUS

SHRegEnumUSValueA=func
func.SHRegEnumUSValueA.args=8
func.SHRegEnumUSValueA.arg.0=HUSKEY,hUSkey
func.SHRegEnumUSValueA.arg.1=DWORD,dwIndex
func.SHRegEnumUSValueA.arg.2=LPSTR,pszValueName
func.SHRegEnumUSValueA.arg.3=LPDWORD,pcchValueName
func.SHRegEnumUSValueA.arg.4=LPDWORD,pdwType
func.SHRegEnumUSValueA.arg.5=void *,pvData
func.SHRegEnumUSValueA.arg.6=LPDWORD,pcbData
func.SHRegEnumUSValueA.arg.7=SHREGENUM_FLAGS,enumRegFlags
func.SHRegEnumUSValueA.ret=LSTATUS

SHRegEnumUSValueW=func
func.SHRegEnumUSValueW.args=8
func.SHRegEnumUSValueW.arg.0=HUSKEY,hUSkey
func.SHRegEnumUSValueW.arg.1=DWORD,dwIndex
func.SHRegEnumUSValueW.arg.2=LPWSTR,pszValueName
func.SHRegEnumUSValueW.arg.3=LPDWORD,pcchValueName
func.SHRegEnumUSValueW.arg.4=LPDWORD,pdwType
func.SHRegEnumUSValueW.arg.5=void *,pvData
func.SHRegEnumUSValueW.arg.6=LPDWORD,pcbData
func.SHRegEnumUSValueW.arg.7=SHREGENUM_FLAGS,enumRegFlags
func.SHRegEnumUSValueW.ret=LSTATUS

SHRegGetBoolUSValueA=func
func.SHRegGetBoolUSValueA.args=4
func.SHRegGetBoolUSValueA.arg.0=LPCSTR,pszSubKey
func.SHRegGetBoolUSValueA.arg.1=LPCSTR,pszValue
func.SHRegGetBoolUSValueA.arg.2=BOOL,fIgnoreHKCU
func.SHRegGetBoolUSValueA.arg.3=BOOL,fDefault
func.SHRegGetBoolUSValueA.ret=BOOL

SHRegGetBoolUSValueW=func
func.SHRegGetBoolUSValueW.args=4
func.SHRegGetBoolUSValueW.arg.0=LPCWSTR,pszSubKey
func.SHRegGetBoolUSValueW.arg.1=LPCWSTR,pszValue
func.SHRegGetBoolUSValueW.arg.2=BOOL,fIgnoreHKCU
func.SHRegGetBoolUSValueW.arg.3=BOOL,fDefault
func.SHRegGetBoolUSValueW.ret=BOOL

SHRegGetBoolValueFromHKCUHKLM=func
func.SHRegGetBoolValueFromHKCUHKLM.args=3
func.SHRegGetBoolValueFromHKCUHKLM.arg.0=PCWSTR,pszKey
func.SHRegGetBoolValueFromHKCUHKLM.arg.1=PCWSTR,pszValue
func.SHRegGetBoolValueFromHKCUHKLM.arg.2=BOOL,fDefault
func.SHRegGetBoolValueFromHKCUHKLM.ret=BOOL

SHRegGetIntW=func
func.SHRegGetIntW.args=3
func.SHRegGetIntW.arg.0=HKEY,hk
func.SHRegGetIntW.arg.1=PCWSTR,pwzKey
func.SHRegGetIntW.arg.2=int,iDefault
func.SHRegGetIntW.ret=int

SHRegGetPathA=func
func.SHRegGetPathA.args=5
func.SHRegGetPathA.arg.0=HKEY,hKey
func.SHRegGetPathA.arg.1=LPCSTR,pcszSubKey
func.SHRegGetPathA.arg.2=LPCSTR,pcszValue
func.SHRegGetPathA.arg.3=LPSTR,pszPath
func.SHRegGetPathA.arg.4=DWORD,dwFlags
func.SHRegGetPathA.ret=LSTATUS

SHRegGetPathW=func
func.SHRegGetPathW.args=5
func.SHRegGetPathW.arg.0=HKEY,hKey
func.SHRegGetPathW.arg.1=LPCWSTR,pcszSubKey
func.SHRegGetPathW.arg.2=LPCWSTR,pcszValue
func.SHRegGetPathW.arg.3=LPWSTR,pszPath
func.SHRegGetPathW.arg.4=DWORD,dwFlags
func.SHRegGetPathW.ret=LSTATUS

SHRegGetUSValueA=func
func.SHRegGetUSValueA.args=8
func.SHRegGetUSValueA.arg.0=LPCSTR,pszSubKey
func.SHRegGetUSValueA.arg.1=LPCSTR,pszValue
func.SHRegGetUSValueA.arg.2=DWORD *,pdwType
func.SHRegGetUSValueA.arg.3=void *,pvData
func.SHRegGetUSValueA.arg.4=DWORD *,pcbData
func.SHRegGetUSValueA.arg.5=BOOL,fIgnoreHKCU
func.SHRegGetUSValueA.arg.6=void *,pvDefaultData
func.SHRegGetUSValueA.arg.7=DWORD,dwDefaultDataSize
func.SHRegGetUSValueA.ret=LSTATUS

SHRegGetUSValueW=func
func.SHRegGetUSValueW.args=8
func.SHRegGetUSValueW.arg.0=LPCWSTR,pszSubKey
func.SHRegGetUSValueW.arg.1=LPCWSTR,pszValue
func.SHRegGetUSValueW.arg.2=DWORD *,pdwType
func.SHRegGetUSValueW.arg.3=void *,pvData
func.SHRegGetUSValueW.arg.4=DWORD *,pcbData
func.SHRegGetUSValueW.arg.5=BOOL,fIgnoreHKCU
func.SHRegGetUSValueW.arg.6=void *,pvDefaultData
func.SHRegGetUSValueW.arg.7=DWORD,dwDefaultDataSize
func.SHRegGetUSValueW.ret=LSTATUS

SHRegGetValueA=func
func.SHRegGetValueA.args=7
func.SHRegGetValueA.arg.0=HKEY,hkey
func.SHRegGetValueA.arg.1=LPCSTR,pszSubKey
func.SHRegGetValueA.arg.2=LPCSTR,pszValue
func.SHRegGetValueA.arg.3=SRRF,srrfFlags
func.SHRegGetValueA.arg.4=DWORD *,pdwType
func.SHRegGetValueA.arg.5=void *,pvData
func.SHRegGetValueA.arg.6=DWORD *,pcbData
func.SHRegGetValueA.ret=LSTATUS

SHRegGetValueFromHKCUHKLM=func
func.SHRegGetValueFromHKCUHKLM.args=6
func.SHRegGetValueFromHKCUHKLM.arg.0=PCWSTR,pwszKey
func.SHRegGetValueFromHKCUHKLM.arg.1=PCWSTR,pwszValue
func.SHRegGetValueFromHKCUHKLM.arg.2=SRRF,srrfFlags
func.SHRegGetValueFromHKCUHKLM.arg.3=DWORD *,pdwType
func.SHRegGetValueFromHKCUHKLM.arg.4=void *,pvData
func.SHRegGetValueFromHKCUHKLM.arg.5=DWORD *,pcbData
func.SHRegGetValueFromHKCUHKLM.ret=LSTATUS

SHRegGetValueW=func
func.SHRegGetValueW.args=7
func.SHRegGetValueW.arg.0=HKEY,hkey
func.SHRegGetValueW.arg.1=LPCWSTR,pszSubKey
func.SHRegGetValueW.arg.2=LPCWSTR,pszValue
func.SHRegGetValueW.arg.3=SRRF,srrfFlags
func.SHRegGetValueW.arg.4=DWORD *,pdwType
func.SHRegGetValueW.arg.5=void *,pvData
func.SHRegGetValueW.arg.6=DWORD *,pcbData
func.SHRegGetValueW.ret=LSTATUS

SHRegOpenUSKeyA=func
func.SHRegOpenUSKeyA.args=5
func.SHRegOpenUSKeyA.arg.0=LPCSTR,pszPath
func.SHRegOpenUSKeyA.arg.1=REGSAM,samDesired
func.SHRegOpenUSKeyA.arg.2=HUSKEY,hRelativeUSKey
func.SHRegOpenUSKeyA.arg.3=PHUSKEY,phNewUSKey
func.SHRegOpenUSKeyA.arg.4=BOOL,fIgnoreHKCU
func.SHRegOpenUSKeyA.ret=LSTATUS

SHRegOpenUSKeyW=func
func.SHRegOpenUSKeyW.args=5
func.SHRegOpenUSKeyW.arg.0=LPCWSTR,pwzPath
func.SHRegOpenUSKeyW.arg.1=REGSAM,samDesired
func.SHRegOpenUSKeyW.arg.2=HUSKEY,hRelativeUSKey
func.SHRegOpenUSKeyW.arg.3=PHUSKEY,phNewUSKey
func.SHRegOpenUSKeyW.arg.4=BOOL,fIgnoreHKCU
func.SHRegOpenUSKeyW.ret=LSTATUS

SHRegQueryInfoUSKeyA=func
func.SHRegQueryInfoUSKeyA.args=6
func.SHRegQueryInfoUSKeyA.arg.0=HUSKEY,hUSKey
func.SHRegQueryInfoUSKeyA.arg.1=LPDWORD,pcSubKeys
func.SHRegQueryInfoUSKeyA.arg.2=LPDWORD,pcchMaxSubKeyLen
func.SHRegQueryInfoUSKeyA.arg.3=LPDWORD,pcValues
func.SHRegQueryInfoUSKeyA.arg.4=LPDWORD,pcchMaxValueNameLen
func.SHRegQueryInfoUSKeyA.arg.5=SHREGENUM_FLAGS,enumRegFlags
func.SHRegQueryInfoUSKeyA.ret=LSTATUS

SHRegQueryInfoUSKeyW=func
func.SHRegQueryInfoUSKeyW.args=6
func.SHRegQueryInfoUSKeyW.arg.0=HUSKEY,hUSKey
func.SHRegQueryInfoUSKeyW.arg.1=LPDWORD,pcSubKeys
func.SHRegQueryInfoUSKeyW.arg.2=LPDWORD,pcchMaxSubKeyLen
func.SHRegQueryInfoUSKeyW.arg.3=LPDWORD,pcValues
func.SHRegQueryInfoUSKeyW.arg.4=LPDWORD,pcchMaxValueNameLen
func.SHRegQueryInfoUSKeyW.arg.5=SHREGENUM_FLAGS,enumRegFlags
func.SHRegQueryInfoUSKeyW.ret=LSTATUS

SHRegQueryUSValueA=func
func.SHRegQueryUSValueA.args=8
func.SHRegQueryUSValueA.arg.0=HUSKEY,hUSKey
func.SHRegQueryUSValueA.arg.1=LPCSTR,pszValue
func.SHRegQueryUSValueA.arg.2=DWORD *,pdwType
func.SHRegQueryUSValueA.arg.3=void *,pvData
func.SHRegQueryUSValueA.arg.4=DWORD *,pcbData
func.SHRegQueryUSValueA.arg.5=BOOL,fIgnoreHKCU
func.SHRegQueryUSValueA.arg.6=void *,pvDefaultData
func.SHRegQueryUSValueA.arg.7=DWORD,dwDefaultDataSize
func.SHRegQueryUSValueA.ret=LSTATUS

SHRegQueryUSValueW=func
func.SHRegQueryUSValueW.args=8
func.SHRegQueryUSValueW.arg.0=HUSKEY,hUSKey
func.SHRegQueryUSValueW.arg.1=LPCWSTR,pszValue
func.SHRegQueryUSValueW.arg.2=DWORD *,pdwType
func.SHRegQueryUSValueW.arg.3=void *,pvData
func.SHRegQueryUSValueW.arg.4=DWORD *,pcbData
func.SHRegQueryUSValueW.arg.5=BOOL,fIgnoreHKCU
func.SHRegQueryUSValueW.arg.6=void *,pvDefaultData
func.SHRegQueryUSValueW.arg.7=DWORD,dwDefaultDataSize
func.SHRegQueryUSValueW.ret=LSTATUS

SHRegSetPathA=func
func.SHRegSetPathA.args=5
func.SHRegSetPathA.arg.0=HKEY,hKey
func.SHRegSetPathA.arg.1=LPCSTR,pcszSubKey
func.SHRegSetPathA.arg.2=LPCSTR,pcszValue
func.SHRegSetPathA.arg.3=LPCSTR,pcszPath
func.SHRegSetPathA.arg.4=DWORD,dwFlags
func.SHRegSetPathA.ret=LSTATUS

SHRegSetPathW=func
func.SHRegSetPathW.args=5
func.SHRegSetPathW.arg.0=HKEY,hKey
func.SHRegSetPathW.arg.1=LPCWSTR,pcszSubKey
func.SHRegSetPathW.arg.2=LPCWSTR,pcszValue
func.SHRegSetPathW.arg.3=LPCWSTR,pcszPath
func.SHRegSetPathW.arg.4=DWORD,dwFlags
func.SHRegSetPathW.ret=LSTATUS

SHRegSetUSValueA=func
func.SHRegSetUSValueA.args=6
func.SHRegSetUSValueA.arg.0=LPCSTR,pszSubKey
func.SHRegSetUSValueA.arg.1=LPCSTR,pszValue
func.SHRegSetUSValueA.arg.2=DWORD,dwType
func.SHRegSetUSValueA.arg.3=const void *,pvData
func.SHRegSetUSValueA.arg.4=DWORD,cbData
func.SHRegSetUSValueA.arg.5=DWORD,dwFlags
func.SHRegSetUSValueA.ret=LSTATUS

SHRegSetUSValueW=func
func.SHRegSetUSValueW.args=6
func.SHRegSetUSValueW.arg.0=LPCWSTR,pwzSubKey
func.SHRegSetUSValueW.arg.1=LPCWSTR,pwzValue
func.SHRegSetUSValueW.arg.2=DWORD,dwType
func.SHRegSetUSValueW.arg.3=const void *,pvData
func.SHRegSetUSValueW.arg.4=DWORD,cbData
func.SHRegSetUSValueW.arg.5=DWORD,dwFlags
func.SHRegSetUSValueW.ret=LSTATUS

SHRegSetValue=func
func.SHRegSetValue.args=7
func.SHRegSetValue.arg.0=HKEY,hkey
func.SHRegSetValue.arg.1=LPCWSTR,pszSubKey
func.SHRegSetValue.arg.2=LPCWSTR,pszValue
func.SHRegSetValue.arg.3=SRRF,srrfFlags
func.SHRegSetValue.arg.4=DWORD,dwType
func.SHRegSetValue.arg.5=LPCVOID,pvData
func.SHRegSetValue.arg.6=DWORD,cbData
func.SHRegSetValue.ret=LSTATUS

SHRegWriteUSValueA=func
func.SHRegWriteUSValueA.args=6
func.SHRegWriteUSValueA.arg.0=HUSKEY,hUSKey
func.SHRegWriteUSValueA.arg.1=LPCSTR,pszValue
func.SHRegWriteUSValueA.arg.2=DWORD,dwType
func.SHRegWriteUSValueA.arg.3=const void *,pvData
func.SHRegWriteUSValueA.arg.4=DWORD,cbData
func.SHRegWriteUSValueA.arg.5=DWORD,dwFlags
func.SHRegWriteUSValueA.ret=LSTATUS

SHRegWriteUSValueW=func
func.SHRegWriteUSValueW.args=6
func.SHRegWriteUSValueW.arg.0=HUSKEY,hUSKey
func.SHRegWriteUSValueW.arg.1=LPCWSTR,pwzValue
func.SHRegWriteUSValueW.arg.2=DWORD,dwType
func.SHRegWriteUSValueW.arg.3=const void *,pvData
func.SHRegWriteUSValueW.arg.4=DWORD,cbData
func.SHRegWriteUSValueW.arg.5=DWORD,dwFlags
func.SHRegWriteUSValueW.ret=LSTATUS

SHReleaseThreadRef=func
func.SHReleaseThreadRef.args=0
func.SHReleaseThreadRef.ret=HRESULT

SHSendMessageBroadcastA=func
func.SHSendMessageBroadcastA.args=3
func.SHSendMessageBroadcastA.arg.0=UINT,uMsg
func.SHSendMessageBroadcastA.arg.1=WPARAM,wParam
func.SHSendMessageBroadcastA.arg.2=LPARAM,lParam
func.SHSendMessageBroadcastA.ret=LRESULT

SHSendMessageBroadcastW=func
func.SHSendMessageBroadcastW.args=3
func.SHSendMessageBroadcastW.arg.0=UINT,uMsg
func.SHSendMessageBroadcastW.arg.1=WPARAM,wParam
func.SHSendMessageBroadcastW.arg.2=LPARAM,lParam
func.SHSendMessageBroadcastW.ret=LRESULT

SHSetThreadRef=func
func.SHSetThreadRef.args=1
func.SHSetThreadRef.arg.0=IUnknown *,punk
func.SHSetThreadRef.ret=HRESULT

SHSetValueA=func
func.SHSetValueA.args=6
func.SHSetValueA.arg.0=HKEY,hkey
func.SHSetValueA.arg.1=LPCSTR,pszSubKey
func.SHSetValueA.arg.2=LPCSTR,pszValue
func.SHSetValueA.arg.3=DWORD,dwType
func.SHSetValueA.arg.4=LPCVOID,pvData
func.SHSetValueA.arg.5=DWORD,cbData
func.SHSetValueA.ret=LSTATUS

SHSetValueW=func
func.SHSetValueW.args=6
func.SHSetValueW.arg.0=HKEY,hkey
func.SHSetValueW.arg.1=LPCWSTR,pszSubKey
func.SHSetValueW.arg.2=LPCWSTR,pszValue
func.SHSetValueW.arg.3=DWORD,dwType
func.SHSetValueW.arg.4=LPCVOID,pvData
func.SHSetValueW.arg.5=DWORD,cbData
func.SHSetValueW.ret=LSTATUS

SHSkipJunction=func
func.SHSkipJunction.args=2
func.SHSkipJunction.arg.0=IBindCtx *,pbc
func.SHSkipJunction.arg.1=const CLSID *,pclsid
func.SHSkipJunction.ret=BOOL

SHStrDupA=func
func.SHStrDupA.args=2
func.SHStrDupA.arg.0=LPCSTR,psz
func.SHStrDupA.arg.1=LPWSTR *,ppwsz
func.SHStrDupA.ret=HRESULT

SHStrDupW=func
func.SHStrDupW.args=2
func.SHStrDupW.arg.0=LPCWSTR,psz
func.SHStrDupW.arg.1=LPWSTR *,ppwsz
func.SHStrDupW.ret=HRESULT

SHStripMneumonicA=func
func.SHStripMneumonicA.args=1
func.SHStripMneumonicA.arg.0=LPSTR,pszMenu
func.SHStripMneumonicA.ret=CHAR

SHStripMneumonicW=func
func.SHStripMneumonicW.args=1
func.SHStripMneumonicW.arg.0=LPWSTR,pszMenu
func.SHStripMneumonicW.ret=WCHAR

SHUnicodeToAnsi=func
func.SHUnicodeToAnsi.args=3
func.SHUnicodeToAnsi.arg.0=PCWSTR,pwszSrc
func.SHUnicodeToAnsi.arg.1=PSTR,pszDst
func.SHUnicodeToAnsi.arg.2=int,cchBuf
func.SHUnicodeToAnsi.ret=int

SHUnicodeToUnicode=func
func.SHUnicodeToUnicode.args=3
func.SHUnicodeToUnicode.arg.0=PCWSTR,pwzSrc
func.SHUnicodeToUnicode.arg.1=PWSTR,pwzDst
func.SHUnicodeToUnicode.arg.2=int,cwchBuf
func.SHUnicodeToUnicode.ret=int

SHUnlockShared=func
func.SHUnlockShared.args=1
func.SHUnlockShared.arg.0=void *,pvData
func.SHUnlockShared.ret=BOOL

SetProcessReference=func
func.SetProcessReference.args=1
func.SetProcessReference.arg.0=IUnknown *,punk
func.SetProcessReference.ret=void

StrCSpnA=func
func.StrCSpnA.args=2
func.StrCSpnA.arg.0=PCSTR,pszStr
func.StrCSpnA.arg.1=PCSTR,pszSet
func.StrCSpnA.ret=int

StrCSpnIA=func
func.StrCSpnIA.args=2
func.StrCSpnIA.arg.0=PCSTR,pszStr
func.StrCSpnIA.arg.1=PCSTR,pszSet
func.StrCSpnIA.ret=int

StrCSpnIW=func
func.StrCSpnIW.args=2
func.StrCSpnIW.arg.0=PCWSTR,pszStr
func.StrCSpnIW.arg.1=PCWSTR,pszSet
func.StrCSpnIW.ret=int

StrCSpnW=func
func.StrCSpnW.args=2
func.StrCSpnW.arg.0=PCWSTR,pszStr
func.StrCSpnW.arg.1=PCWSTR,pszSet
func.StrCSpnW.ret=int

StrCatBuffA=func
func.StrCatBuffA.args=3
func.StrCatBuffA.arg.0=PSTR,pszDest
func.StrCatBuffA.arg.1=PCSTR,pszSrc
func.StrCatBuffA.arg.2=int,cchDestBuffSize
func.StrCatBuffA.ret=PSTR

StrCatBuffW=func
func.StrCatBuffW.args=3
func.StrCatBuffW.arg.0=PWSTR,pszDest
func.StrCatBuffW.arg.1=PCWSTR,pszSrc
func.StrCatBuffW.arg.2=int,cchDestBuffSize
func.StrCatBuffW.ret=PWSTR

StrCatChainW=func
func.StrCatChainW.args=4
func.StrCatChainW.arg.0=PWSTR,pszDst
func.StrCatChainW.arg.1=DWORD,cchDst
func.StrCatChainW.arg.2=DWORD,ichAt
func.StrCatChainW.arg.3=PCWSTR,pszSrc
func.StrCatChainW.ret=DWORD

StrCatW=func
func.StrCatW.args=2
func.StrCatW.arg.0=PWSTR,psz1
func.StrCatW.arg.1=PCWSTR,psz2
func.StrCatW.ret=PWSTR

StrChrA=func
func.StrChrA.args=2
func.StrChrA.arg.0=PCSTR,pszStart
func.StrChrA.arg.1=WORD,wMatch
func.StrChrA.ret=PSTR

StrChrIA=func
func.StrChrIA.args=2
func.StrChrIA.arg.0=PCSTR,pszStart
func.StrChrIA.arg.1=WORD,wMatch
func.StrChrIA.ret=PSTR

StrChrIW=func
func.StrChrIW.args=2
func.StrChrIW.arg.0=PCWSTR,pszStart
func.StrChrIW.arg.1=WCHAR,wMatch
func.StrChrIW.ret=PWSTR

StrChrNIW=func
func.StrChrNIW.args=3
func.StrChrNIW.arg.0=PCWSTR,pszStart
func.StrChrNIW.arg.1=WCHAR,wMatch
func.StrChrNIW.arg.2=UINT,cchMax
func.StrChrNIW.ret=PWSTR

StrChrNW=func
func.StrChrNW.args=3
func.StrChrNW.arg.0=PCWSTR,pszStart
func.StrChrNW.arg.1=WCHAR,wMatch
func.StrChrNW.arg.2=UINT,cchMax
func.StrChrNW.ret=PWSTR

StrChrW=func
func.StrChrW.args=2
func.StrChrW.arg.0=PCWSTR,pszStart
func.StrChrW.arg.1=WCHAR,wMatch
func.StrChrW.ret=PWSTR

StrCmpCA=func
func.StrCmpCA.args=2
func.StrCmpCA.arg.0=LPCSTR,pszStr1
func.StrCmpCA.arg.1=LPCSTR,pszStr2
func.StrCmpCA.ret=int

StrCmpCW=func
func.StrCmpCW.args=2
func.StrCmpCW.arg.0=LPCWSTR,pszStr1
func.StrCmpCW.arg.1=LPCWSTR,pszStr2
func.StrCmpCW.ret=int

StrCmpICA=func
func.StrCmpICA.args=2
func.StrCmpICA.arg.0=LPCSTR,pszStr1
func.StrCmpICA.arg.1=LPCSTR,pszStr2
func.StrCmpICA.ret=int

StrCmpICW=func
func.StrCmpICW.args=2
func.StrCmpICW.arg.0=LPCWSTR,pszStr1
func.StrCmpICW.arg.1=LPCWSTR,pszStr2
func.StrCmpICW.ret=int

StrCmpIW=func
func.StrCmpIW.args=2
func.StrCmpIW.arg.0=PCWSTR,psz1
func.StrCmpIW.arg.1=PCWSTR,psz2
func.StrCmpIW.ret=int

StrCmpLogicalW=func
func.StrCmpLogicalW.args=2
func.StrCmpLogicalW.arg.0=PCWSTR,psz1
func.StrCmpLogicalW.arg.1=PCWSTR,psz2
func.StrCmpLogicalW.ret=int

StrCmpNA=func
func.StrCmpNA.args=3
func.StrCmpNA.arg.0=PCSTR,psz1
func.StrCmpNA.arg.1=PCSTR,psz2
func.StrCmpNA.arg.2=int,nChar
func.StrCmpNA.ret=int

StrCmpNCA=func
func.StrCmpNCA.args=3
func.StrCmpNCA.arg.0=LPCSTR,pszStr1
func.StrCmpNCA.arg.1=LPCSTR,pszStr2
func.StrCmpNCA.arg.2=int,nChar
func.StrCmpNCA.ret=int

StrCmpNCW=func
func.StrCmpNCW.args=3
func.StrCmpNCW.arg.0=LPCWSTR,pszStr1
func.StrCmpNCW.arg.1=LPCWSTR,pszStr2
func.StrCmpNCW.arg.2=int,nChar
func.StrCmpNCW.ret=int

StrCmpNIA=func
func.StrCmpNIA.args=3
func.StrCmpNIA.arg.0=PCSTR,psz1
func.StrCmpNIA.arg.1=PCSTR,psz2
func.StrCmpNIA.arg.2=int,nChar
func.StrCmpNIA.ret=int

StrCmpNICA=func
func.StrCmpNICA.args=3
func.StrCmpNICA.arg.0=LPCSTR,pszStr1
func.StrCmpNICA.arg.1=LPCSTR,pszStr2
func.StrCmpNICA.arg.2=int,nChar
func.StrCmpNICA.ret=int

StrCmpNICW=func
func.StrCmpNICW.args=3
func.StrCmpNICW.arg.0=LPCWSTR,pszStr1
func.StrCmpNICW.arg.1=LPCWSTR,pszStr2
func.StrCmpNICW.arg.2=int,nChar
func.StrCmpNICW.ret=int

StrCmpNIW=func
func.StrCmpNIW.args=3
func.StrCmpNIW.arg.0=PCWSTR,psz1
func.StrCmpNIW.arg.1=PCWSTR,psz2
func.StrCmpNIW.arg.2=int,nChar
func.StrCmpNIW.ret=int

StrCmpNW=func
func.StrCmpNW.args=3
func.StrCmpNW.arg.0=PCWSTR,psz1
func.StrCmpNW.arg.1=PCWSTR,psz2
func.StrCmpNW.arg.2=int,nChar
func.StrCmpNW.ret=int

StrCmpW=func
func.StrCmpW.args=2
func.StrCmpW.arg.0=PCWSTR,psz1
func.StrCmpW.arg.1=PCWSTR,psz2
func.StrCmpW.ret=int

StrCpyNW=func
func.StrCpyNW.args=3
func.StrCpyNW.arg.0=PWSTR,pszDst
func.StrCpyNW.arg.1=PCWSTR,pszSrc
func.StrCpyNW.arg.2=int,cchMax
func.StrCpyNW.ret=PWSTR

StrCpyW=func
func.StrCpyW.args=2
func.StrCpyW.arg.0=PWSTR,psz1
func.StrCpyW.arg.1=PCWSTR,psz2
func.StrCpyW.ret=PWSTR

StrDupA=func
func.StrDupA.args=1
func.StrDupA.arg.0=PCSTR,pszSrch
func.StrDupA.ret=PSTR

StrDupW=func
func.StrDupW.args=1
func.StrDupW.arg.0=PCWSTR,pszSrch
func.StrDupW.ret=PWSTR

StrFormatByteSize64A=func
func.StrFormatByteSize64A.args=3
func.StrFormatByteSize64A.arg.0=LONGLONG,qdw
func.StrFormatByteSize64A.arg.1=PSTR,pszBuf
func.StrFormatByteSize64A.arg.2=UINT,cchBuf
func.StrFormatByteSize64A.ret=PSTR

StrFormatByteSizeA=func
func.StrFormatByteSizeA.args=3
func.StrFormatByteSizeA.arg.0=DWORD,dw
func.StrFormatByteSizeA.arg.1=PSTR,pszBuf
func.StrFormatByteSizeA.arg.2=UINT,cchBuf
func.StrFormatByteSizeA.ret=PSTR

StrFormatByteSizeEx=func
func.StrFormatByteSizeEx.args=4
func.StrFormatByteSizeEx.arg.0=ULONGLONG,ull
func.StrFormatByteSizeEx.arg.1=SFBS_FLAGS,flags
func.StrFormatByteSizeEx.arg.2=PWSTR,pszBuf
func.StrFormatByteSizeEx.arg.3=UINT,cchBuf
func.StrFormatByteSizeEx.ret=HRESULT

StrFormatByteSizeW=func
func.StrFormatByteSizeW.args=3
func.StrFormatByteSizeW.arg.0=LONGLONG,qdw
func.StrFormatByteSizeW.arg.1=PWSTR,pszBuf
func.StrFormatByteSizeW.arg.2=UINT,cchBuf
func.StrFormatByteSizeW.ret=PWSTR

StrFormatKBSizeA=func
func.StrFormatKBSizeA.args=3
func.StrFormatKBSizeA.arg.0=LONGLONG,qdw
func.StrFormatKBSizeA.arg.1=PSTR,pszBuf
func.StrFormatKBSizeA.arg.2=UINT,cchBuf
func.StrFormatKBSizeA.ret=PSTR

StrFormatKBSizeW=func
func.StrFormatKBSizeW.args=3
func.StrFormatKBSizeW.arg.0=LONGLONG,qdw
func.StrFormatKBSizeW.arg.1=PWSTR,pszBuf
func.StrFormatKBSizeW.arg.2=UINT,cchBuf
func.StrFormatKBSizeW.ret=PWSTR

StrFromTimeIntervalA=func
func.StrFromTimeIntervalA.args=4
func.StrFromTimeIntervalA.arg.0=PSTR,pszOut
func.StrFromTimeIntervalA.arg.1=UINT,cchMax
func.StrFromTimeIntervalA.arg.2=DWORD,dwTimeMS
func.StrFromTimeIntervalA.arg.3=int,digits
func.StrFromTimeIntervalA.ret=int

StrFromTimeIntervalW=func
func.StrFromTimeIntervalW.args=4
func.StrFromTimeIntervalW.arg.0=PWSTR,pszOut
func.StrFromTimeIntervalW.arg.1=UINT,cchMax
func.StrFromTimeIntervalW.arg.2=DWORD,dwTimeMS
func.StrFromTimeIntervalW.arg.3=int,digits
func.StrFromTimeIntervalW.ret=int

StrIsIntlEqualA=func
func.StrIsIntlEqualA.args=4
func.StrIsIntlEqualA.arg.0=BOOL,fCaseSens
func.StrIsIntlEqualA.arg.1=PCSTR,pszString1
func.StrIsIntlEqualA.arg.2=PCSTR,pszString2
func.StrIsIntlEqualA.arg.3=int,nChar
func.StrIsIntlEqualA.ret=BOOL

StrIsIntlEqualW=func
func.StrIsIntlEqualW.args=4
func.StrIsIntlEqualW.arg.0=BOOL,fCaseSens
func.StrIsIntlEqualW.arg.1=PCWSTR,pszString1
func.StrIsIntlEqualW.arg.2=PCWSTR,pszString2
func.StrIsIntlEqualW.arg.3=int,nChar
func.StrIsIntlEqualW.ret=BOOL

StrNCatA=func
func.StrNCatA.args=3
func.StrNCatA.arg.0=PSTR,psz1
func.StrNCatA.arg.1=PCSTR,psz2
func.StrNCatA.arg.2=int,cchMax
func.StrNCatA.ret=PSTR

StrNCatW=func
func.StrNCatW.args=3
func.StrNCatW.arg.0=PWSTR,psz1
func.StrNCatW.arg.1=PCWSTR,psz2
func.StrNCatW.arg.2=int,cchMax
func.StrNCatW.ret=PWSTR

StrPBrkA=func
func.StrPBrkA.args=2
func.StrPBrkA.arg.0=PCSTR,psz
func.StrPBrkA.arg.1=PCSTR,pszSet
func.StrPBrkA.ret=PSTR

StrPBrkW=func
func.StrPBrkW.args=2
func.StrPBrkW.arg.0=PCWSTR,psz
func.StrPBrkW.arg.1=PCWSTR,pszSet
func.StrPBrkW.ret=PWSTR

StrRChrA=func
func.StrRChrA.args=3
func.StrRChrA.arg.0=PCSTR,pszStart
func.StrRChrA.arg.1=PCSTR,pszEnd
func.StrRChrA.arg.2=WORD,wMatch
func.StrRChrA.ret=PSTR

StrRChrIA=func
func.StrRChrIA.args=3
func.StrRChrIA.arg.0=PCSTR,pszStart
func.StrRChrIA.arg.1=PCSTR,pszEnd
func.StrRChrIA.arg.2=WORD,wMatch
func.StrRChrIA.ret=PSTR

StrRChrIW=func
func.StrRChrIW.args=3
func.StrRChrIW.arg.0=PCWSTR,pszStart
func.StrRChrIW.arg.1=PCWSTR,pszEnd
func.StrRChrIW.arg.2=WCHAR,wMatch
func.StrRChrIW.ret=PWSTR

StrRChrW=func
func.StrRChrW.args=3
func.StrRChrW.arg.0=PCWSTR,pszStart
func.StrRChrW.arg.1=PCWSTR,pszEnd
func.StrRChrW.arg.2=WCHAR,wMatch
func.StrRChrW.ret=PWSTR

StrRStrIA=func
func.StrRStrIA.args=3
func.StrRStrIA.arg.0=PCSTR,pszSource
func.StrRStrIA.arg.1=PCSTR,pszLast
func.StrRStrIA.arg.2=PCSTR,pszSrch
func.StrRStrIA.ret=PSTR

StrRStrIW=func
func.StrRStrIW.args=3
func.StrRStrIW.arg.0=PCWSTR,pszSource
func.StrRStrIW.arg.1=PCWSTR,pszLast
func.StrRStrIW.arg.2=PCWSTR,pszSrch
func.StrRStrIW.ret=PWSTR

StrRetToBSTR=func
func.StrRetToBSTR.args=3
func.StrRetToBSTR.arg.0=STRRET *,pstr
func.StrRetToBSTR.arg.1=PCUITEMID_CHILD,pidl
func.StrRetToBSTR.arg.2=BSTR *,pbstr
func.StrRetToBSTR.ret=HRESULT

StrRetToBufA=func
func.StrRetToBufA.args=4
func.StrRetToBufA.arg.0=STRRET *,pstr
func.StrRetToBufA.arg.1=PCUITEMID_CHILD,pidl
func.StrRetToBufA.arg.2=LPSTR,pszBuf
func.StrRetToBufA.arg.3=UINT,cchBuf
func.StrRetToBufA.ret=HRESULT

StrRetToBufW=func
func.StrRetToBufW.args=4
func.StrRetToBufW.arg.0=STRRET *,pstr
func.StrRetToBufW.arg.1=PCUITEMID_CHILD,pidl
func.StrRetToBufW.arg.2=LPWSTR,pszBuf
func.StrRetToBufW.arg.3=UINT,cchBuf
func.StrRetToBufW.ret=HRESULT

StrRetToStrA=func
func.StrRetToStrA.args=3
func.StrRetToStrA.arg.0=STRRET *,pstr
func.StrRetToStrA.arg.1=PCUITEMID_CHILD,pidl
func.StrRetToStrA.arg.2=LPSTR *,ppsz
func.StrRetToStrA.ret=HRESULT

StrRetToStrW=func
func.StrRetToStrW.args=3
func.StrRetToStrW.arg.0=STRRET *,pstr
func.StrRetToStrW.arg.1=PCUITEMID_CHILD,pidl
func.StrRetToStrW.arg.2=LPWSTR *,ppsz
func.StrRetToStrW.ret=HRESULT

StrSpnA=func
func.StrSpnA.args=2
func.StrSpnA.arg.0=PCSTR,psz
func.StrSpnA.arg.1=PCSTR,pszSet
func.StrSpnA.ret=int

StrSpnW=func
func.StrSpnW.args=2
func.StrSpnW.arg.0=PCWSTR,psz
func.StrSpnW.arg.1=PCWSTR,pszSet
func.StrSpnW.ret=int

StrStrA=func
func.StrStrA.args=2
func.StrStrA.arg.0=PCSTR,pszFirst
func.StrStrA.arg.1=PCSTR,pszSrch
func.StrStrA.ret=PSTR

StrStrIA=func
func.StrStrIA.args=2
func.StrStrIA.arg.0=PCSTR,pszFirst
func.StrStrIA.arg.1=PCSTR,pszSrch
func.StrStrIA.ret=PSTR

StrStrIW=func
func.StrStrIW.args=2
func.StrStrIW.arg.0=PCWSTR,pszFirst
func.StrStrIW.arg.1=PCWSTR,pszSrch
func.StrStrIW.ret=PWSTR

StrStrNIW=func
func.StrStrNIW.args=3
func.StrStrNIW.arg.0=PCWSTR,pszFirst
func.StrStrNIW.arg.1=PCWSTR,pszSrch
func.StrStrNIW.arg.2=UINT,cchMax
func.StrStrNIW.ret=PWSTR

StrStrNW=func
func.StrStrNW.args=3
func.StrStrNW.arg.0=PCWSTR,pszFirst
func.StrStrNW.arg.1=PCWSTR,pszSrch
func.StrStrNW.arg.2=UINT,cchMax
func.StrStrNW.ret=PWSTR

StrStrW=func
func.StrStrW.args=2
func.StrStrW.arg.0=PCWSTR,pszFirst
func.StrStrW.arg.1=PCWSTR,pszSrch
func.StrStrW.ret=PWSTR

StrToInt64ExA=func
func.StrToInt64ExA.args=3
func.StrToInt64ExA.arg.0=PCSTR,pszString
func.StrToInt64ExA.arg.1=STIF_FLAGS,dwFlags
func.StrToInt64ExA.arg.2=LONGLONG *,pllRet
func.StrToInt64ExA.ret=BOOL

StrToInt64ExW=func
func.StrToInt64ExW.args=3
func.StrToInt64ExW.arg.0=PCWSTR,pszString
func.StrToInt64ExW.arg.1=STIF_FLAGS,dwFlags
func.StrToInt64ExW.arg.2=LONGLONG *,pllRet
func.StrToInt64ExW.ret=BOOL

StrToIntA=func
func.StrToIntA.args=1
func.StrToIntA.arg.0=PCSTR,pszSrc
func.StrToIntA.ret=int

StrToIntExA=func
func.StrToIntExA.args=3
func.StrToIntExA.arg.0=PCSTR,pszString
func.StrToIntExA.arg.1=STIF_FLAGS,dwFlags
func.StrToIntExA.arg.2=int *,piRet
func.StrToIntExA.ret=BOOL

StrToIntExW=func
func.StrToIntExW.args=3
func.StrToIntExW.arg.0=PCWSTR,pszString
func.StrToIntExW.arg.1=STIF_FLAGS,dwFlags
func.StrToIntExW.arg.2=int *,piRet
func.StrToIntExW.ret=BOOL

StrToIntW=func
func.StrToIntW.args=1
func.StrToIntW.arg.0=PCWSTR,pszSrc
func.StrToIntW.ret=int

StrTrimA=func
func.StrTrimA.args=2
func.StrTrimA.arg.0=PSTR,psz
func.StrTrimA.arg.1=PCSTR,pszTrimChars
func.StrTrimA.ret=BOOL

StrTrimW=func
func.StrTrimW.args=2
func.StrTrimW.arg.0=PWSTR,psz
func.StrTrimW.arg.1=PCWSTR,pszTrimChars
func.StrTrimW.ret=BOOL

UrlApplySchemeA=func
func.UrlApplySchemeA.args=4
func.UrlApplySchemeA.arg.0=PCSTR,pszIn
func.UrlApplySchemeA.arg.1=PSTR,pszOut
func.UrlApplySchemeA.arg.2=DWORD *,pcchOut
func.UrlApplySchemeA.arg.3=DWORD,dwFlags
func.UrlApplySchemeA.ret=HRESULT

UrlApplySchemeW=func
func.UrlApplySchemeW.args=4
func.UrlApplySchemeW.arg.0=PCWSTR,pszIn
func.UrlApplySchemeW.arg.1=PWSTR,pszOut
func.UrlApplySchemeW.arg.2=DWORD *,pcchOut
func.UrlApplySchemeW.arg.3=DWORD,dwFlags
func.UrlApplySchemeW.ret=HRESULT

UrlCanonicalizeA=func
func.UrlCanonicalizeA.args=4
func.UrlCanonicalizeA.arg.0=PCSTR,pszUrl
func.UrlCanonicalizeA.arg.1=PSTR,pszCanonicalized
func.UrlCanonicalizeA.arg.2=DWORD *,pcchCanonicalized
func.UrlCanonicalizeA.arg.3=DWORD,dwFlags
func.UrlCanonicalizeA.ret=HRESULT

UrlCanonicalizeW=func
func.UrlCanonicalizeW.args=4
func.UrlCanonicalizeW.arg.0=PCWSTR,pszUrl
func.UrlCanonicalizeW.arg.1=PWSTR,pszCanonicalized
func.UrlCanonicalizeW.arg.2=DWORD *,pcchCanonicalized
func.UrlCanonicalizeW.arg.3=DWORD,dwFlags
func.UrlCanonicalizeW.ret=HRESULT

UrlCombineA=func
func.UrlCombineA.args=5
func.UrlCombineA.arg.0=PCSTR,pszBase
func.UrlCombineA.arg.1=PCSTR,pszRelative
func.UrlCombineA.arg.2=PSTR,pszCombined
func.UrlCombineA.arg.3=DWORD *,pcchCombined
func.UrlCombineA.arg.4=DWORD,dwFlags
func.UrlCombineA.ret=HRESULT

UrlCombineW=func
func.UrlCombineW.args=5
func.UrlCombineW.arg.0=PCWSTR,pszBase
func.UrlCombineW.arg.1=PCWSTR,pszRelative
func.UrlCombineW.arg.2=PWSTR,pszCombined
func.UrlCombineW.arg.3=DWORD *,pcchCombined
func.UrlCombineW.arg.4=DWORD,dwFlags
func.UrlCombineW.ret=HRESULT

UrlCompareA=func
func.UrlCompareA.args=3
func.UrlCompareA.arg.0=PCSTR,psz1
func.UrlCompareA.arg.1=PCSTR,psz2
func.UrlCompareA.arg.2=BOOL,fIgnoreSlash
func.UrlCompareA.ret=int

UrlCompareW=func
func.UrlCompareW.args=3
func.UrlCompareW.arg.0=PCWSTR,psz1
func.UrlCompareW.arg.1=PCWSTR,psz2
func.UrlCompareW.arg.2=BOOL,fIgnoreSlash
func.UrlCompareW.ret=int

UrlCreateFromPathA=func
func.UrlCreateFromPathA.args=4
func.UrlCreateFromPathA.arg.0=PCSTR,pszPath
func.UrlCreateFromPathA.arg.1=PSTR,pszUrl
func.UrlCreateFromPathA.arg.2=DWORD *,pcchUrl
func.UrlCreateFromPathA.arg.3=DWORD,dwFlags
func.UrlCreateFromPathA.ret=HRESULT

UrlCreateFromPathW=func
func.UrlCreateFromPathW.args=4
func.UrlCreateFromPathW.arg.0=PCWSTR,pszPath
func.UrlCreateFromPathW.arg.1=PWSTR,pszUrl
func.UrlCreateFromPathW.arg.2=DWORD *,pcchUrl
func.UrlCreateFromPathW.arg.3=DWORD,dwFlags
func.UrlCreateFromPathW.ret=HRESULT

UrlEscapeA=func
func.UrlEscapeA.args=4
func.UrlEscapeA.arg.0=PCSTR,pszUrl
func.UrlEscapeA.arg.1=PSTR,pszEscaped
func.UrlEscapeA.arg.2=DWORD *,pcchEscaped
func.UrlEscapeA.arg.3=DWORD,dwFlags
func.UrlEscapeA.ret=HRESULT

UrlEscapeW=func
func.UrlEscapeW.args=4
func.UrlEscapeW.arg.0=PCWSTR,pszUrl
func.UrlEscapeW.arg.1=PWSTR,pszEscaped
func.UrlEscapeW.arg.2=DWORD *,pcchEscaped
func.UrlEscapeW.arg.3=DWORD,dwFlags
func.UrlEscapeW.ret=HRESULT

UrlFixupW=func
func.UrlFixupW.args=3
func.UrlFixupW.arg.0=PCWSTR,pcszUrl
func.UrlFixupW.arg.1=PWSTR,pszTranslatedUrl
func.UrlFixupW.arg.2=DWORD,cchMax
func.UrlFixupW.ret=HRESULT

UrlGetLocationA=func
func.UrlGetLocationA.args=1
func.UrlGetLocationA.arg.0=PCSTR,pszURL
func.UrlGetLocationA.ret=LPCSTR

UrlGetLocationW=func
func.UrlGetLocationW.args=1
func.UrlGetLocationW.arg.0=PCWSTR,pszURL
func.UrlGetLocationW.ret=LPCWSTR

UrlGetPartA=func
func.UrlGetPartA.args=5
func.UrlGetPartA.arg.0=PCSTR,pszIn
func.UrlGetPartA.arg.1=PSTR,pszOut
func.UrlGetPartA.arg.2=DWORD *,pcchOut
func.UrlGetPartA.arg.3=DWORD,dwPart
func.UrlGetPartA.arg.4=DWORD,dwFlags
func.UrlGetPartA.ret=HRESULT

UrlGetPartW=func
func.UrlGetPartW.args=5
func.UrlGetPartW.arg.0=PCWSTR,pszIn
func.UrlGetPartW.arg.1=PWSTR,pszOut
func.UrlGetPartW.arg.2=DWORD *,pcchOut
func.UrlGetPartW.arg.3=DWORD,dwPart
func.UrlGetPartW.arg.4=DWORD,dwFlags
func.UrlGetPartW.ret=HRESULT

UrlHashA=func
func.UrlHashA.args=3
func.UrlHashA.arg.0=PCSTR,pszUrl
func.UrlHashA.arg.1=BYTE *,pbHash
func.UrlHashA.arg.2=DWORD,cbHash
func.UrlHashA.ret=HRESULT

UrlHashW=func
func.UrlHashW.args=3
func.UrlHashW.arg.0=PCWSTR,pszUrl
func.UrlHashW.arg.1=BYTE *,pbHash
func.UrlHashW.arg.2=DWORD,cbHash
func.UrlHashW.ret=HRESULT

UrlIsA=func
func.UrlIsA.args=2
func.UrlIsA.arg.0=PCSTR,pszUrl
func.UrlIsA.arg.1=URLIS,UrlIs
func.UrlIsA.ret=BOOL

UrlIsNoHistoryA=func
func.UrlIsNoHistoryA.args=1
func.UrlIsNoHistoryA.arg.0=PCSTR,pszURL
func.UrlIsNoHistoryA.ret=BOOL

UrlIsNoHistoryW=func
func.UrlIsNoHistoryW.args=1
func.UrlIsNoHistoryW.arg.0=PCWSTR,pszURL
func.UrlIsNoHistoryW.ret=BOOL

UrlIsOpaqueA=func
func.UrlIsOpaqueA.args=1
func.UrlIsOpaqueA.arg.0=PCSTR,pszURL
func.UrlIsOpaqueA.ret=BOOL

UrlIsOpaqueW=func
func.UrlIsOpaqueW.args=1
func.UrlIsOpaqueW.arg.0=PCWSTR,pszURL
func.UrlIsOpaqueW.ret=BOOL

UrlIsW=func
func.UrlIsW.args=2
func.UrlIsW.arg.0=PCWSTR,pszUrl
func.UrlIsW.arg.1=URLIS,UrlIs
func.UrlIsW.ret=BOOL

UrlUnescapeA=func
func.UrlUnescapeA.args=4
func.UrlUnescapeA.arg.0=PSTR,pszUrl
func.UrlUnescapeA.arg.1=PSTR,pszUnescaped
func.UrlUnescapeA.arg.2=DWORD *,pcchUnescaped
func.UrlUnescapeA.arg.3=DWORD,dwFlags
func.UrlUnescapeA.ret=HRESULT

UrlUnescapeW=func
func.UrlUnescapeW.args=4
func.UrlUnescapeW.arg.0=PWSTR,pszUrl
func.UrlUnescapeW.arg.1=PWSTR,pszUnescaped
func.UrlUnescapeW.arg.2=DWORD *,pcchUnescaped
func.UrlUnescapeW.arg.3=DWORD,dwFlags
func.UrlUnescapeW.ret=HRESULT

WhichPlatform=func
func.WhichPlatform.args=0
func.WhichPlatform.ret=UINT

wnsprintfA=func
func.wnsprintfA.args=4
func.wnsprintfA.arg.0=PSTR,pszDest
func.wnsprintfA.arg.1=int,cchDest
func.wnsprintfA.arg.2=PCSTR,pszFmt
func.wnsprintfA.arg.3=,...
func.wnsprintfA.ret=int

wnsprintfW=func
func.wnsprintfW.args=4
func.wnsprintfW.arg.0=PWSTR,pszDest
func.wnsprintfW.arg.1=int,cchDest
func.wnsprintfW.arg.2=PCWSTR,pszFmt
func.wnsprintfW.arg.3=,...
func.wnsprintfW.ret=int

wvnsprintfA=func
func.wvnsprintfA.args=4
func.wvnsprintfA.arg.0=PSTR,pszDest
func.wvnsprintfA.arg.1=int,cchDest
func.wvnsprintfA.arg.2=PCSTR,pszFmt
func.wvnsprintfA.arg.3=va_list,arglist
func.wvnsprintfA.ret=int

wvnsprintfW=func
func.wvnsprintfW.args=4
func.wvnsprintfW.arg.0=PWSTR,pszDest
func.wvnsprintfW.arg.1=int,cchDest
func.wvnsprintfW.arg.2=PCWSTR,pszFmt
func.wvnsprintfW.arg.3=va_list,arglist
func.wvnsprintfW.ret=int
