### wincred.h ###

CredDeleteA=func
func.CredDeleteA.args=3
func.CredDeleteA.arg.0=LPCSTR,TargetName
func.CredDeleteA.arg.1=DWORD,Type
func.CredDeleteA.arg.2=DWORD,Flags
func.CredDeleteA.ret=BOOL

CredDeleteW=func
func.CredDeleteW.args=3
func.CredDeleteW.arg.0=LPCWSTR,TargetName
func.CredDeleteW.arg.1=DWORD,Type
func.CredDeleteW.arg.2=DWORD,Flags
func.CredDeleteW.ret=BOOL

CredEnumerateA=func
func.CredEnumerateA.args=4
func.CredEnumerateA.arg.0=LPCSTR,Filter
func.CredEnumerateA.arg.1=DWORD,Flags
func.CredEnumerateA.arg.2=DWORD *,Count
func.CredEnumerateA.arg.3=PCREDENTIALA **,Credential
func.CredEnumerateA.ret=BOOL

CredEnumerateW=func
func.CredEnumerateW.args=4
func.CredEnumerateW.arg.0=LPCWSTR,Filter
func.CredEnumerateW.arg.1=DWORD,Flags
func.CredEnumerateW.arg.2=DWORD *,Count
func.CredEnumerateW.arg.3=PCREDENTIALW **,Credential
func.CredEnumerateW.ret=BOOL

CredFindBestCredentialA=func
func.CredFindBestCredentialA.args=4
func.CredFindBestCredentialA.arg.0=LPCSTR,TargetName
func.CredFindBestCredentialA.arg.1=DWORD,Type
func.CredFindBestCredentialA.arg.2=DWORD,Flags
func.CredFindBestCredentialA.arg.3=PCREDENTIALA *,Credential
func.CredFindBestCredentialA.ret=BOOL

CredFindBestCredentialW=func
func.CredFindBestCredentialW.args=4
func.CredFindBestCredentialW.arg.0=LPCWSTR,TargetName
func.CredFindBestCredentialW.arg.1=DWORD,Type
func.CredFindBestCredentialW.arg.2=DWORD,Flags
func.CredFindBestCredentialW.arg.3=PCREDENTIALW *,Credential
func.CredFindBestCredentialW.ret=BOOL

CredFree=func
func.CredFree.args=1
func.CredFree.arg.0=PVOID,Buffer
func.CredFree.ret=VOID

CredGetSessionTypes=func
func.CredGetSessionTypes.args=2
func.CredGetSessionTypes.arg.0=DWORD,MaximumPersistCount
func.CredGetSessionTypes.arg.1=LPDWORD,MaximumPersist
func.CredGetSessionTypes.ret=BOOL

CredGetTargetInfoA=func
func.CredGetTargetInfoA.args=3
func.CredGetTargetInfoA.arg.0=LPCSTR,TargetName
func.CredGetTargetInfoA.arg.1=DWORD,Flags
func.CredGetTargetInfoA.arg.2=PCREDENTIAL_TARGET_INFORMATIONA *,TargetInfo
func.CredGetTargetInfoA.ret=BOOL

CredGetTargetInfoW=func
func.CredGetTargetInfoW.args=3
func.CredGetTargetInfoW.arg.0=LPCWSTR,TargetName
func.CredGetTargetInfoW.arg.1=DWORD,Flags
func.CredGetTargetInfoW.arg.2=PCREDENTIAL_TARGET_INFORMATIONW *,TargetInfo
func.CredGetTargetInfoW.ret=BOOL

CredIsMarshaledCredentialA=func
func.CredIsMarshaledCredentialA.args=1
func.CredIsMarshaledCredentialA.arg.0=LPCSTR,MarshaledCredential
func.CredIsMarshaledCredentialA.ret=BOOL

CredIsMarshaledCredentialW=func
func.CredIsMarshaledCredentialW.args=1
func.CredIsMarshaledCredentialW.arg.0=LPCWSTR,MarshaledCredential
func.CredIsMarshaledCredentialW.ret=BOOL

CredIsProtectedA=func
func.CredIsProtectedA.args=2
func.CredIsProtectedA.arg.0=LPSTR,pszProtectedCredentials
func.CredIsProtectedA.arg.1=CRED_PROTECTION_TYPE *,pProtectionType
func.CredIsProtectedA.ret=BOOL

CredIsProtectedW=func
func.CredIsProtectedW.args=2
func.CredIsProtectedW.arg.0=LPWSTR,pszProtectedCredentials
func.CredIsProtectedW.arg.1=CRED_PROTECTION_TYPE *,pProtectionType
func.CredIsProtectedW.ret=BOOL

CredMarshalCredentialA=func
func.CredMarshalCredentialA.args=3
func.CredMarshalCredentialA.arg.0=CRED_MARSHAL_TYPE,CredType
func.CredMarshalCredentialA.arg.1=PVOID,Credential
func.CredMarshalCredentialA.arg.2=LPSTR *,MarshaledCredential
func.CredMarshalCredentialA.ret=BOOL

CredMarshalCredentialW=func
func.CredMarshalCredentialW.args=3
func.CredMarshalCredentialW.arg.0=CRED_MARSHAL_TYPE,CredType
func.CredMarshalCredentialW.arg.1=PVOID,Credential
func.CredMarshalCredentialW.arg.2=LPWSTR *,MarshaledCredential
func.CredMarshalCredentialW.ret=BOOL

CredPackAuthenticationBufferA=func
func.CredPackAuthenticationBufferA.args=5
func.CredPackAuthenticationBufferA.arg.0=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CredPackAuthenticationBufferA.arg.1=LPSTR,pszUserName
func.CredPackAuthenticationBufferA.arg.2=LPSTR,pszPassword
func.CredPackAuthenticationBufferA.arg.3=PBYTE,pPackedCredentials
func.CredPackAuthenticationBufferA.arg.4=DWORD *,pcbPackedCredentials
func.CredPackAuthenticationBufferA.ret=BOOL

CredPackAuthenticationBufferW=func
func.CredPackAuthenticationBufferW.args=5
func.CredPackAuthenticationBufferW.arg.0=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CredPackAuthenticationBufferW.arg.1=LPWSTR,pszUserName
func.CredPackAuthenticationBufferW.arg.2=LPWSTR,pszPassword
func.CredPackAuthenticationBufferW.arg.3=PBYTE,pPackedCredentials
func.CredPackAuthenticationBufferW.arg.4=DWORD *,pcbPackedCredentials
func.CredPackAuthenticationBufferW.ret=BOOL

CredProtectA=func
func.CredProtectA.args=6
func.CredProtectA.arg.0=BOOL,fAsSelf
func.CredProtectA.arg.1=LPSTR,pszCredentials
func.CredProtectA.arg.2=DWORD,cchCredentials
func.CredProtectA.arg.3=LPSTR,pszProtectedCredentials
func.CredProtectA.arg.4=DWORD *,pcchMaxChars
func.CredProtectA.arg.5=CRED_PROTECTION_TYPE *,ProtectionType
func.CredProtectA.ret=BOOL

CredProtectW=func
func.CredProtectW.args=6
func.CredProtectW.arg.0=BOOL,fAsSelf
func.CredProtectW.arg.1=LPWSTR,pszCredentials
func.CredProtectW.arg.2=DWORD,cchCredentials
func.CredProtectW.arg.3=LPWSTR,pszProtectedCredentials
func.CredProtectW.arg.4=DWORD *,pcchMaxChars
func.CredProtectW.arg.5=CRED_PROTECTION_TYPE *,ProtectionType
func.CredProtectW.ret=BOOL

CredReadA=func
func.CredReadA.args=4
func.CredReadA.arg.0=LPCSTR,TargetName
func.CredReadA.arg.1=DWORD,Type
func.CredReadA.arg.2=DWORD,Flags
func.CredReadA.arg.3=PCREDENTIALA *,Credential
func.CredReadA.ret=BOOL

CredReadDomainCredentialsA=func
func.CredReadDomainCredentialsA.args=4
func.CredReadDomainCredentialsA.arg.0=PCREDENTIAL_TARGET_INFORMATIONA,TargetInfo
func.CredReadDomainCredentialsA.arg.1=DWORD,Flags
func.CredReadDomainCredentialsA.arg.2=DWORD *,Count
func.CredReadDomainCredentialsA.arg.3=PCREDENTIALA **,Credential
func.CredReadDomainCredentialsA.ret=BOOL

CredReadDomainCredentialsW=func
func.CredReadDomainCredentialsW.args=4
func.CredReadDomainCredentialsW.arg.0=PCREDENTIAL_TARGET_INFORMATIONW,TargetInfo
func.CredReadDomainCredentialsW.arg.1=DWORD,Flags
func.CredReadDomainCredentialsW.arg.2=DWORD *,Count
func.CredReadDomainCredentialsW.arg.3=PCREDENTIALW **,Credential
func.CredReadDomainCredentialsW.ret=BOOL

CredReadW=func
func.CredReadW.args=4
func.CredReadW.arg.0=LPCWSTR,TargetName
func.CredReadW.arg.1=DWORD,Type
func.CredReadW.arg.2=DWORD,Flags
func.CredReadW.arg.3=PCREDENTIALW *,Credential
func.CredReadW.ret=BOOL

CredRenameA=func
func.CredRenameA.args=4
func.CredRenameA.arg.0=LPCSTR,OldTargetName
func.CredRenameA.arg.1=LPCSTR,NewTargetName
func.CredRenameA.arg.2=DWORD,Type
func.CredRenameA.arg.3=DWORD,Flags
func.CredRenameA.ret=BOOL

CredRenameW=func
func.CredRenameW.args=4
func.CredRenameW.arg.0=LPCWSTR,OldTargetName
func.CredRenameW.arg.1=LPCWSTR,NewTargetName
func.CredRenameW.arg.2=DWORD,Type
func.CredRenameW.arg.3=DWORD,Flags
func.CredRenameW.ret=BOOL

CredUICmdLinePromptForCredentialsA=func
func.CredUICmdLinePromptForCredentialsA.args=9
func.CredUICmdLinePromptForCredentialsA.arg.0=PCSTR,pszTargetName
func.CredUICmdLinePromptForCredentialsA.arg.1=PCtxtHandle,pContext
func.CredUICmdLinePromptForCredentialsA.arg.2=DWORD,dwAuthError
func.CredUICmdLinePromptForCredentialsA.arg.3=PSTR,UserName
func.CredUICmdLinePromptForCredentialsA.arg.4=ULONG,ulUserBufferSize
func.CredUICmdLinePromptForCredentialsA.arg.5=PSTR,pszPassword
func.CredUICmdLinePromptForCredentialsA.arg.6=ULONG,ulPasswordBufferSize
func.CredUICmdLinePromptForCredentialsA.arg.7=PBOOL,pfSave
func.CredUICmdLinePromptForCredentialsA.arg.8=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CredUICmdLinePromptForCredentialsA.ret=DWORD

CredUICmdLinePromptForCredentialsW=func
func.CredUICmdLinePromptForCredentialsW.args=9
func.CredUICmdLinePromptForCredentialsW.arg.0=PCWSTR,pszTargetName
func.CredUICmdLinePromptForCredentialsW.arg.1=PCtxtHandle,pContext
func.CredUICmdLinePromptForCredentialsW.arg.2=DWORD,dwAuthError
func.CredUICmdLinePromptForCredentialsW.arg.3=PWSTR,UserName
func.CredUICmdLinePromptForCredentialsW.arg.4=ULONG,ulUserBufferSize
func.CredUICmdLinePromptForCredentialsW.arg.5=PWSTR,pszPassword
func.CredUICmdLinePromptForCredentialsW.arg.6=ULONG,ulPasswordBufferSize
func.CredUICmdLinePromptForCredentialsW.arg.7=PBOOL,pfSave
func.CredUICmdLinePromptForCredentialsW.arg.8=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CredUICmdLinePromptForCredentialsW.ret=DWORD

CredUIConfirmCredentialsA=func
func.CredUIConfirmCredentialsA.args=2
func.CredUIConfirmCredentialsA.arg.0=PCSTR,pszTargetName
func.CredUIConfirmCredentialsA.arg.1=BOOL,bConfirm
func.CredUIConfirmCredentialsA.ret=DWORD

CredUIConfirmCredentialsW=func
func.CredUIConfirmCredentialsW.args=2
func.CredUIConfirmCredentialsW.arg.0=PCWSTR,pszTargetName
func.CredUIConfirmCredentialsW.arg.1=BOOL,bConfirm
func.CredUIConfirmCredentialsW.ret=DWORD

CredUIParseUserNameA=func
func.CredUIParseUserNameA.args=5
func.CredUIParseUserNameA.arg.0=PCSTR,userName
func.CredUIParseUserNameA.arg.1=CHAR *,user
func.CredUIParseUserNameA.arg.2=ULONG,userBufferSize
func.CredUIParseUserNameA.arg.3=CHAR *,domain
func.CredUIParseUserNameA.arg.4=ULONG,domainBufferSize
func.CredUIParseUserNameA.ret=DWORD

CredUIParseUserNameW=func
func.CredUIParseUserNameW.args=5
func.CredUIParseUserNameW.arg.0=PCWSTR,UserName
func.CredUIParseUserNameW.arg.1=WCHAR *,user
func.CredUIParseUserNameW.arg.2=ULONG,userBufferSize
func.CredUIParseUserNameW.arg.3=WCHAR *,domain
func.CredUIParseUserNameW.arg.4=ULONG,domainBufferSize
func.CredUIParseUserNameW.ret=DWORD

CredUIPromptForCredentialsA=func
func.CredUIPromptForCredentialsA.args=10
func.CredUIPromptForCredentialsA.arg.0=PCREDUI_INFOA,pUiInfo
func.CredUIPromptForCredentialsA.arg.1=PCSTR,pszTargetName
func.CredUIPromptForCredentialsA.arg.2=PCtxtHandle,pContext
func.CredUIPromptForCredentialsA.arg.3=DWORD,dwAuthError
func.CredUIPromptForCredentialsA.arg.4=PSTR,pszUserName
func.CredUIPromptForCredentialsA.arg.5=ULONG,ulUserNameBufferSize
func.CredUIPromptForCredentialsA.arg.6=PSTR,pszPassword
func.CredUIPromptForCredentialsA.arg.7=ULONG,ulPasswordBufferSize
func.CredUIPromptForCredentialsA.arg.8=BOOL *,save
func.CredUIPromptForCredentialsA.arg.9=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CredUIPromptForCredentialsA.ret=DWORD

CredUIPromptForCredentialsW=func
func.CredUIPromptForCredentialsW.args=10
func.CredUIPromptForCredentialsW.arg.0=PCREDUI_INFOW,pUiInfo
func.CredUIPromptForCredentialsW.arg.1=PCWSTR,pszTargetName
func.CredUIPromptForCredentialsW.arg.2=PCtxtHandle,pContext
func.CredUIPromptForCredentialsW.arg.3=DWORD,dwAuthError
func.CredUIPromptForCredentialsW.arg.4=PWSTR,pszUserName
func.CredUIPromptForCredentialsW.arg.5=ULONG,ulUserNameBufferSize
func.CredUIPromptForCredentialsW.arg.6=PWSTR,pszPassword
func.CredUIPromptForCredentialsW.arg.7=ULONG,ulPasswordBufferSize
func.CredUIPromptForCredentialsW.arg.8=BOOL *,save
func.CredUIPromptForCredentialsW.arg.9=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CredUIPromptForCredentialsW.ret=DWORD

CredUIPromptForWindowsCredentialsA=func
func.CredUIPromptForWindowsCredentialsA.args=9
func.CredUIPromptForWindowsCredentialsA.arg.0=PCREDUI_INFOA,pUiInfo
func.CredUIPromptForWindowsCredentialsA.arg.1=DWORD,dwAuthError
func.CredUIPromptForWindowsCredentialsA.arg.2=ULONG *,pulAuthPackage
func.CredUIPromptForWindowsCredentialsA.arg.3=LPCVOID,pvInAuthBuffer
func.CredUIPromptForWindowsCredentialsA.arg.4=ULONG,ulInAuthBufferSize
func.CredUIPromptForWindowsCredentialsA.arg.5=LPVOID *,ppvOutAuthBuffer
func.CredUIPromptForWindowsCredentialsA.arg.6=ULONG *,pulOutAuthBufferSize
func.CredUIPromptForWindowsCredentialsA.arg.7=BOOL *,pfSave
func.CredUIPromptForWindowsCredentialsA.arg.8=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CredUIPromptForWindowsCredentialsA.ret=DWORD

CredUIPromptForWindowsCredentialsW=func
func.CredUIPromptForWindowsCredentialsW.args=9
func.CredUIPromptForWindowsCredentialsW.arg.0=PCREDUI_INFOW,pUiInfo
func.CredUIPromptForWindowsCredentialsW.arg.1=DWORD,dwAuthError
func.CredUIPromptForWindowsCredentialsW.arg.2=ULONG *,pulAuthPackage
func.CredUIPromptForWindowsCredentialsW.arg.3=LPCVOID,pvInAuthBuffer
func.CredUIPromptForWindowsCredentialsW.arg.4=ULONG,ulInAuthBufferSize
func.CredUIPromptForWindowsCredentialsW.arg.5=LPVOID *,ppvOutAuthBuffer
func.CredUIPromptForWindowsCredentialsW.arg.6=ULONG *,pulOutAuthBufferSize
func.CredUIPromptForWindowsCredentialsW.arg.7=BOOL *,pfSave
func.CredUIPromptForWindowsCredentialsW.arg.8=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CredUIPromptForWindowsCredentialsW.ret=DWORD

CredUIReadSSOCredW=func
func.CredUIReadSSOCredW.args=2
func.CredUIReadSSOCredW.arg.0=PCWSTR,pszRealm
func.CredUIReadSSOCredW.arg.1=PWSTR *,ppszUsername
func.CredUIReadSSOCredW.ret=DWORD

CredUIStoreSSOCredW=func
func.CredUIStoreSSOCredW.args=4
func.CredUIStoreSSOCredW.arg.0=PCWSTR,pszRealm
func.CredUIStoreSSOCredW.arg.1=PCWSTR,pszUsername
func.CredUIStoreSSOCredW.arg.2=PCWSTR,pszPassword
func.CredUIStoreSSOCredW.arg.3=BOOL,bPersist
func.CredUIStoreSSOCredW.ret=DWORD

CredUnPackAuthenticationBufferA=func
func.CredUnPackAuthenticationBufferA.args=9
func.CredUnPackAuthenticationBufferA.arg.0=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CredUnPackAuthenticationBufferA.arg.1=PVOID,pAuthBuffer
func.CredUnPackAuthenticationBufferA.arg.2=DWORD,cbAuthBuffer
func.CredUnPackAuthenticationBufferA.arg.3=LPSTR,pszUserName
func.CredUnPackAuthenticationBufferA.arg.4=DWORD *,pcchlMaxUserName
func.CredUnPackAuthenticationBufferA.arg.5=LPSTR,pszDomainName
func.CredUnPackAuthenticationBufferA.arg.6=DWORD *,pcchMaxDomainName
func.CredUnPackAuthenticationBufferA.arg.7=LPSTR,pszPassword
func.CredUnPackAuthenticationBufferA.arg.8=DWORD *,pcchMaxPassword
func.CredUnPackAuthenticationBufferA.ret=BOOL

CredUnPackAuthenticationBufferW=func
func.CredUnPackAuthenticationBufferW.args=9
func.CredUnPackAuthenticationBufferW.arg.0=DWORD,dwFlags
func.CredUnPackAuthenticationBufferW.arg.1=PVOID,pAuthBuffer
func.CredUnPackAuthenticationBufferW.arg.2=DWORD,cbAuthBuffer
func.CredUnPackAuthenticationBufferW.arg.3=LPWSTR,pszUserName
func.CredUnPackAuthenticationBufferW.arg.4=DWORD *,pcchMaxUserName
func.CredUnPackAuthenticationBufferW.arg.5=LPWSTR,pszDomainName
func.CredUnPackAuthenticationBufferW.arg.6=DWORD *,pcchMaxDomainName
func.CredUnPackAuthenticationBufferW.arg.7=LPWSTR,pszPassword
func.CredUnPackAuthenticationBufferW.arg.8=DWORD *,pcchMaxPassword
func.CredUnPackAuthenticationBufferW.ret=BOOL

CredUnmarshalCredentialA=func
func.CredUnmarshalCredentialA.args=3
func.CredUnmarshalCredentialA.arg.0=LPCSTR,MarshaledCredential
func.CredUnmarshalCredentialA.arg.1=PCRED_MARSHAL_TYPE,CredType
func.CredUnmarshalCredentialA.arg.2=PVOID *,Credential
func.CredUnmarshalCredentialA.ret=BOOL

CredUnmarshalCredentialW=func
func.CredUnmarshalCredentialW.args=3
func.CredUnmarshalCredentialW.arg.0=LPCWSTR,MarshaledCredential
func.CredUnmarshalCredentialW.arg.1=PCRED_MARSHAL_TYPE,CredType
func.CredUnmarshalCredentialW.arg.2=PVOID *,Credential
func.CredUnmarshalCredentialW.ret=BOOL

CredUnprotectA=func
func.CredUnprotectA.args=5
func.CredUnprotectA.arg.0=BOOL,fAsSelf
func.CredUnprotectA.arg.1=LPSTR,pszProtectedCredentials
func.CredUnprotectA.arg.2=DWORD,cchProtectedCredentials
func.CredUnprotectA.arg.3=LPSTR,pszCredentials
func.CredUnprotectA.arg.4=DWORD *,pcchMaxChars
func.CredUnprotectA.ret=BOOL

CredUnprotectW=func
func.CredUnprotectW.args=5
func.CredUnprotectW.arg.0=BOOL,fAsSelf
func.CredUnprotectW.arg.1=LPWSTR,pszProtectedCredentials
func.CredUnprotectW.arg.2=DWORD,cchProtectedCredentials
func.CredUnprotectW.arg.3=LPWSTR,pszCredentials
func.CredUnprotectW.arg.4=DWORD *,pcchMaxChars
func.CredUnprotectW.ret=BOOL

CredWriteA=func
func.CredWriteA.args=2
func.CredWriteA.arg.0=PCREDENTIALA,Credential
func.CredWriteA.arg.1=DWORD,Flags
func.CredWriteA.ret=BOOL

CredWriteDomainCredentialsA=func
func.CredWriteDomainCredentialsA.args=3
func.CredWriteDomainCredentialsA.arg.0=PCREDENTIAL_TARGET_INFORMATIONA,TargetInfo
func.CredWriteDomainCredentialsA.arg.1=PCREDENTIALA,Credential
func.CredWriteDomainCredentialsA.arg.2=DWORD,Flags
func.CredWriteDomainCredentialsA.ret=BOOL

CredWriteDomainCredentialsW=func
func.CredWriteDomainCredentialsW.args=3
func.CredWriteDomainCredentialsW.arg.0=PCREDENTIAL_TARGET_INFORMATIONW,TargetInfo
func.CredWriteDomainCredentialsW.arg.1=PCREDENTIALW,Credential
func.CredWriteDomainCredentialsW.arg.2=DWORD,Flags
func.CredWriteDomainCredentialsW.ret=BOOL

CredWriteW=func
func.CredWriteW.args=2
func.CredWriteW.arg.0=PCREDENTIALW,Credential
func.CredWriteW.arg.1=DWORD,Flags
func.CredWriteW.ret=BOOL
