### oleauto.h ###

BstrFromVector=func
func.BstrFromVector.args=2
func.BstrFromVector.arg.0=SAFEARRAY *,psa
func.BstrFromVector.arg.1=BSTR *,pbstr
func.BstrFromVector.ret=HRESULT

ClearCustData=func
func.ClearCustData.args=1
func.ClearCustData.arg.0=LPCUSTDATA,pCustData
func.ClearCustData.ret=void

CreateDispTypeInfo=func
func.CreateDispTypeInfo.args=3
func.CreateDispTypeInfo.arg.0=INTERFACEDATA *,pidata
func.CreateDispTypeInfo.arg.1=LCID,lcid
func.CreateDispTypeInfo.arg.2=ITypeInfo **,pptinfo
func.CreateDispTypeInfo.ret=HRESULT

CreateErrorInfo=func
func.CreateErrorInfo.args=1
func.CreateErrorInfo.arg.0=ICreateErrorInfo **,pperrinfo
func.CreateErrorInfo.ret=HRESULT

CreateStdDispatch=func
func.CreateStdDispatch.args=4
func.CreateStdDispatch.arg.0=IUnknown *,punkOuter
func.CreateStdDispatch.arg.1=void *,pvThis
func.CreateStdDispatch.arg.2=ITypeInfo *,ptinfo
func.CreateStdDispatch.arg.3=IUnknown **,ppunkStdDisp
func.CreateStdDispatch.ret=HRESULT

CreateTypeLib=func
func.CreateTypeLib.args=3
func.CreateTypeLib.arg.0=SYSKIND,syskind
func.CreateTypeLib.arg.1=LPCOLESTR,szFile
func.CreateTypeLib.arg.2=ICreateTypeLib **,ppctlib
func.CreateTypeLib.ret=HRESULT

CreateTypeLib2=func
func.CreateTypeLib2.args=3
func.CreateTypeLib2.arg.0=SYSKIND,syskind
func.CreateTypeLib2.arg.1=LPCOLESTR,szFile
func.CreateTypeLib2.arg.2=ICreateTypeLib2 **,ppctlib
func.CreateTypeLib2.ret=HRESULT

DispCallFunc=func
func.DispCallFunc.args=8
func.DispCallFunc.arg.0=void *,pvInstance
func.DispCallFunc.arg.1=ULONG_PTR,oVft
func.DispCallFunc.arg.2=CALLCONV,cc
func.DispCallFunc.arg.3=VARTYPE,vtReturn
func.DispCallFunc.arg.4=UINT,cActuals
func.DispCallFunc.arg.5=VARTYPE *,prgvt
func.DispCallFunc.arg.6=VARIANTARG **,prgpvarg
func.DispCallFunc.arg.7=VARIANT *,pvargResult
func.DispCallFunc.ret=HRESULT

DispGetIDsOfNames=func
func.DispGetIDsOfNames.args=4
func.DispGetIDsOfNames.arg.0=ITypeInfo *,ptinfo
func.DispGetIDsOfNames.arg.1=LPOLESTR *,rgszNames
func.DispGetIDsOfNames.arg.2=UINT,cNames
func.DispGetIDsOfNames.arg.3=DISPID *,rgdispid
func.DispGetIDsOfNames.ret=HRESULT

DispGetParam=func
func.DispGetParam.args=5
func.DispGetParam.arg.0=DISPPARAMS *,pdispparams
func.DispGetParam.arg.1=UINT,position
func.DispGetParam.arg.2=VARTYPE,vtTarg
func.DispGetParam.arg.3=VARIANT *,pvarResult
func.DispGetParam.arg.4=UINT *,puArgErr
func.DispGetParam.ret=HRESULT

DispInvoke=func
func.DispInvoke.args=8
func.DispInvoke.arg.0=void *,_this
func.DispInvoke.arg.1=ITypeInfo *,ptinfo
func.DispInvoke.arg.2=DISPID,dispidMember
func.DispInvoke.arg.3=WORD,wFlags
func.DispInvoke.arg.4=DISPPARAMS *,pparams
func.DispInvoke.arg.5=VARIANT *,pvarResult
func.DispInvoke.arg.6=EXCEPINFO *,pexcepinfo
func.DispInvoke.arg.7=UINT *,puArgErr
func.DispInvoke.ret=HRESULT

DosDateTimeToVariantTime=func
func.DosDateTimeToVariantTime.args=3
func.DosDateTimeToVariantTime.arg.0=USHORT,wDosDate
func.DosDateTimeToVariantTime.arg.1=USHORT,wDosTime
func.DosDateTimeToVariantTime.arg.2=DOUBLE *,pvtime
func.DosDateTimeToVariantTime.ret=INT

GetActiveObject=func
func.GetActiveObject.args=3
func.GetActiveObject.arg.0=REFCLSID,rclsid
func.GetActiveObject.arg.1=void *,pvReserved
func.GetActiveObject.arg.2=IUnknown **,ppunk
func.GetActiveObject.ret=HRESULT

GetAltMonthNames=func
func.GetAltMonthNames.args=2
func.GetAltMonthNames.arg.0=LCID,lcid
func.GetAltMonthNames.arg.1=LPOLESTR **,prgp
func.GetAltMonthNames.ret=HRESULT

GetErrorInfo=func
func.GetErrorInfo.args=2
func.GetErrorInfo.arg.0=ULONG,dwReserved
func.GetErrorInfo.arg.1=IErrorInfo **,pperrinfo
func.GetErrorInfo.ret=HRESULT

GetRecordInfoFromGuids=func
func.GetRecordInfoFromGuids.args=6
func.GetRecordInfoFromGuids.arg.0=REFGUID,rGuidTypeLib
func.GetRecordInfoFromGuids.arg.1=ULONG,uVerMajor
func.GetRecordInfoFromGuids.arg.2=ULONG,uVerMinor
func.GetRecordInfoFromGuids.arg.3=LCID,lcid
func.GetRecordInfoFromGuids.arg.4=REFGUID,rGuidTypeInfo
func.GetRecordInfoFromGuids.arg.5=IRecordInfo **,ppRecInfo
func.GetRecordInfoFromGuids.ret=HRESULT

GetRecordInfoFromTypeInfo=func
func.GetRecordInfoFromTypeInfo.args=2
func.GetRecordInfoFromTypeInfo.arg.0=ITypeInfo *,pTypeInfo
func.GetRecordInfoFromTypeInfo.arg.1=IRecordInfo **,ppRecInfo
func.GetRecordInfoFromTypeInfo.ret=HRESULT

LHashValOfNameSys=func
func.LHashValOfNameSys.args=3
func.LHashValOfNameSys.arg.0=SYSKIND,syskind
func.LHashValOfNameSys.arg.1=LCID,lcid
func.LHashValOfNameSys.arg.2=const OLECHAR *,szName
func.LHashValOfNameSys.ret=ULONG

LHashValOfNameSysA=func
func.LHashValOfNameSysA.args=3
func.LHashValOfNameSysA.arg.0=SYSKIND,syskind
func.LHashValOfNameSysA.arg.1=LCID,lcid
func.LHashValOfNameSysA.arg.2=LPCSTR,szName
func.LHashValOfNameSysA.ret=ULONG

LoadRegTypeLib=func
func.LoadRegTypeLib.args=5
func.LoadRegTypeLib.arg.0=REFGUID,rguid
func.LoadRegTypeLib.arg.1=WORD,wVerMajor
func.LoadRegTypeLib.arg.2=WORD,wVerMinor
func.LoadRegTypeLib.arg.3=LCID,lcid
func.LoadRegTypeLib.arg.4=ITypeLib **,pptlib
func.LoadRegTypeLib.ret=HRESULT

LoadTypeLib=func
func.LoadTypeLib.args=2
func.LoadTypeLib.arg.0=LPCOLESTR,szFile
func.LoadTypeLib.arg.1=ITypeLib **,pptlib
func.LoadTypeLib.ret=HRESULT

LoadTypeLibEx=func
func.LoadTypeLibEx.args=3
func.LoadTypeLibEx.arg.0=LPCOLESTR,szFile
func.LoadTypeLibEx.arg.1=REGKIND,regkind
func.LoadTypeLibEx.arg.2=ITypeLib **,pptlib
func.LoadTypeLibEx.ret=HRESULT

OaBuildVersion=func
func.OaBuildVersion.args=0
func.OaBuildVersion.ret=ULONG

OaEnablePerUserTLibRegistration=func
func.OaEnablePerUserTLibRegistration.args=0
func.OaEnablePerUserTLibRegistration.ret=void

QueryPathOfRegTypeLib=func
func.QueryPathOfRegTypeLib.args=5
func.QueryPathOfRegTypeLib.arg.0=REFGUID,guid
func.QueryPathOfRegTypeLib.arg.1=USHORT,wMaj
func.QueryPathOfRegTypeLib.arg.2=USHORT,wMin
func.QueryPathOfRegTypeLib.arg.3=LCID,lcid
func.QueryPathOfRegTypeLib.arg.4=LPBSTR,lpbstrPathName
func.QueryPathOfRegTypeLib.ret=HRESULT

RegisterActiveObject=func
func.RegisterActiveObject.args=4
func.RegisterActiveObject.arg.0=IUnknown *,punk
func.RegisterActiveObject.arg.1=REFCLSID,rclsid
func.RegisterActiveObject.arg.2=DWORD,dwFlags
func.RegisterActiveObject.arg.3=DWORD *,pdwRegister
func.RegisterActiveObject.ret=HRESULT

RegisterTypeLib=func
func.RegisterTypeLib.args=3
func.RegisterTypeLib.arg.0=ITypeLib *,ptlib
func.RegisterTypeLib.arg.1=LPCOLESTR,szFullPath
func.RegisterTypeLib.arg.2=LPCOLESTR,szHelpDir
func.RegisterTypeLib.ret=HRESULT

RegisterTypeLibForUser=func
func.RegisterTypeLibForUser.args=3
func.RegisterTypeLibForUser.arg.0=ITypeLib *,ptlib
func.RegisterTypeLibForUser.arg.1=OLECHAR *,szFullPath
func.RegisterTypeLibForUser.arg.2=OLECHAR *,szHelpDir
func.RegisterTypeLibForUser.ret=HRESULT

RevokeActiveObject=func
func.RevokeActiveObject.args=2
func.RevokeActiveObject.arg.0=DWORD,dwRegister
func.RevokeActiveObject.arg.1=void *,pvReserved
func.RevokeActiveObject.ret=HRESULT

SafeArrayAccessData=func
func.SafeArrayAccessData.args=2
func.SafeArrayAccessData.arg.0=SAFEARRAY *,psa
func.SafeArrayAccessData.arg.1=void **,ppvData
func.SafeArrayAccessData.ret=HRESULT

SafeArrayAddRef=func
func.SafeArrayAddRef.args=2
func.SafeArrayAddRef.arg.0=SAFEARRAY *,psa
func.SafeArrayAddRef.arg.1=PVOID *,ppDataToRelease
func.SafeArrayAddRef.ret=HRESULT

SafeArrayAllocData=func
func.SafeArrayAllocData.args=1
func.SafeArrayAllocData.arg.0=SAFEARRAY *,psa
func.SafeArrayAllocData.ret=HRESULT

SafeArrayAllocDescriptor=func
func.SafeArrayAllocDescriptor.args=2
func.SafeArrayAllocDescriptor.arg.0=UINT,cDims
func.SafeArrayAllocDescriptor.arg.1=SAFEARRAY **,ppsaOut
func.SafeArrayAllocDescriptor.ret=HRESULT

SafeArrayAllocDescriptorEx=func
func.SafeArrayAllocDescriptorEx.args=3
func.SafeArrayAllocDescriptorEx.arg.0=VARTYPE,vt
func.SafeArrayAllocDescriptorEx.arg.1=UINT,cDims
func.SafeArrayAllocDescriptorEx.arg.2=SAFEARRAY **,ppsaOut
func.SafeArrayAllocDescriptorEx.ret=HRESULT

SafeArrayCopy=func
func.SafeArrayCopy.args=2
func.SafeArrayCopy.arg.0=SAFEARRAY *,psa
func.SafeArrayCopy.arg.1=SAFEARRAY **,ppsaOut
func.SafeArrayCopy.ret=HRESULT

SafeArrayCopyData=func
func.SafeArrayCopyData.args=2
func.SafeArrayCopyData.arg.0=SAFEARRAY *,psaSource
func.SafeArrayCopyData.arg.1=SAFEARRAY *,psaTarget
func.SafeArrayCopyData.ret=HRESULT

SafeArrayCreate=func
func.SafeArrayCreate.args=3
func.SafeArrayCreate.arg.0=VARTYPE,vt
func.SafeArrayCreate.arg.1=UINT,cDims
func.SafeArrayCreate.arg.2=SAFEARRAYBOUND *,rgsabound
func.SafeArrayCreate.ret=SAFEARRAY *

SafeArrayCreateEx=func
func.SafeArrayCreateEx.args=4
func.SafeArrayCreateEx.arg.0=VARTYPE,vt
func.SafeArrayCreateEx.arg.1=UINT,cDims
func.SafeArrayCreateEx.arg.2=SAFEARRAYBOUND *,rgsabound
func.SafeArrayCreateEx.arg.3=PVOID,pvExtra
func.SafeArrayCreateEx.ret=SAFEARRAY *

SafeArrayCreateVector=func
func.SafeArrayCreateVector.args=3
func.SafeArrayCreateVector.arg.0=VARTYPE,vt
func.SafeArrayCreateVector.arg.1=LONG,lLbound
func.SafeArrayCreateVector.arg.2=ULONG,cElements
func.SafeArrayCreateVector.ret=SAFEARRAY *

SafeArrayCreateVectorEx=func
func.SafeArrayCreateVectorEx.args=4
func.SafeArrayCreateVectorEx.arg.0=VARTYPE,vt
func.SafeArrayCreateVectorEx.arg.1=LONG,lLbound
func.SafeArrayCreateVectorEx.arg.2=ULONG,cElements
func.SafeArrayCreateVectorEx.arg.3=PVOID,pvExtra
func.SafeArrayCreateVectorEx.ret=SAFEARRAY *

SafeArrayDestroy=func
func.SafeArrayDestroy.args=1
func.SafeArrayDestroy.arg.0=SAFEARRAY *,psa
func.SafeArrayDestroy.ret=HRESULT

SafeArrayDestroyData=func
func.SafeArrayDestroyData.args=1
func.SafeArrayDestroyData.arg.0=SAFEARRAY *,psa
func.SafeArrayDestroyData.ret=HRESULT

SafeArrayDestroyDescriptor=func
func.SafeArrayDestroyDescriptor.args=1
func.SafeArrayDestroyDescriptor.arg.0=SAFEARRAY *,psa
func.SafeArrayDestroyDescriptor.ret=HRESULT

SafeArrayGetDim=func
func.SafeArrayGetDim.args=1
func.SafeArrayGetDim.arg.0=SAFEARRAY *,psa
func.SafeArrayGetDim.ret=UINT

SafeArrayGetElement=func
func.SafeArrayGetElement.args=3
func.SafeArrayGetElement.arg.0=SAFEARRAY *,psa
func.SafeArrayGetElement.arg.1=LONG *,rgIndices
func.SafeArrayGetElement.arg.2=void *,pv
func.SafeArrayGetElement.ret=HRESULT

SafeArrayGetElemsize=func
func.SafeArrayGetElemsize.args=1
func.SafeArrayGetElemsize.arg.0=SAFEARRAY *,psa
func.SafeArrayGetElemsize.ret=UINT

SafeArrayGetIID=func
func.SafeArrayGetIID.args=2
func.SafeArrayGetIID.arg.0=SAFEARRAY *,psa
func.SafeArrayGetIID.arg.1=GUID *,pguid
func.SafeArrayGetIID.ret=HRESULT

SafeArrayGetLBound=func
func.SafeArrayGetLBound.args=3
func.SafeArrayGetLBound.arg.0=SAFEARRAY *,psa
func.SafeArrayGetLBound.arg.1=UINT,nDim
func.SafeArrayGetLBound.arg.2=LONG *,plLbound
func.SafeArrayGetLBound.ret=HRESULT

SafeArrayGetRecordInfo=func
func.SafeArrayGetRecordInfo.args=2
func.SafeArrayGetRecordInfo.arg.0=SAFEARRAY *,psa
func.SafeArrayGetRecordInfo.arg.1=IRecordInfo **,prinfo
func.SafeArrayGetRecordInfo.ret=HRESULT

SafeArrayGetUBound=func
func.SafeArrayGetUBound.args=3
func.SafeArrayGetUBound.arg.0=SAFEARRAY *,psa
func.SafeArrayGetUBound.arg.1=UINT,nDim
func.SafeArrayGetUBound.arg.2=LONG *,plUbound
func.SafeArrayGetUBound.ret=HRESULT

SafeArrayGetVartype=func
func.SafeArrayGetVartype.args=2
func.SafeArrayGetVartype.arg.0=SAFEARRAY *,psa
func.SafeArrayGetVartype.arg.1=VARTYPE *,pvt
func.SafeArrayGetVartype.ret=HRESULT

SafeArrayLock=func
func.SafeArrayLock.args=1
func.SafeArrayLock.arg.0=SAFEARRAY *,psa
func.SafeArrayLock.ret=HRESULT

SafeArrayPtrOfIndex=func
func.SafeArrayPtrOfIndex.args=3
func.SafeArrayPtrOfIndex.arg.0=SAFEARRAY *,psa
func.SafeArrayPtrOfIndex.arg.1=LONG *,rgIndices
func.SafeArrayPtrOfIndex.arg.2=void **,ppvData
func.SafeArrayPtrOfIndex.ret=HRESULT

SafeArrayPutElement=func
func.SafeArrayPutElement.args=3
func.SafeArrayPutElement.arg.0=SAFEARRAY *,psa
func.SafeArrayPutElement.arg.1=LONG *,rgIndices
func.SafeArrayPutElement.arg.2=void *,pv
func.SafeArrayPutElement.ret=HRESULT

SafeArrayRedim=func
func.SafeArrayRedim.args=2
func.SafeArrayRedim.arg.0=SAFEARRAY *,psa
func.SafeArrayRedim.arg.1=SAFEARRAYBOUND *,psaboundNew
func.SafeArrayRedim.ret=HRESULT

SafeArrayReleaseData=func
func.SafeArrayReleaseData.args=1
func.SafeArrayReleaseData.arg.0=PVOID,pData
func.SafeArrayReleaseData.ret=void

SafeArrayReleaseDescriptor=func
func.SafeArrayReleaseDescriptor.args=1
func.SafeArrayReleaseDescriptor.arg.0=SAFEARRAY *,psa
func.SafeArrayReleaseDescriptor.ret=void

SafeArraySetIID=func
func.SafeArraySetIID.args=2
func.SafeArraySetIID.arg.0=SAFEARRAY *,psa
func.SafeArraySetIID.arg.1=REFGUID,guid
func.SafeArraySetIID.ret=HRESULT

SafeArraySetRecordInfo=func
func.SafeArraySetRecordInfo.args=2
func.SafeArraySetRecordInfo.arg.0=SAFEARRAY *,psa
func.SafeArraySetRecordInfo.arg.1=IRecordInfo *,prinfo
func.SafeArraySetRecordInfo.ret=HRESULT

SafeArrayUnaccessData=func
func.SafeArrayUnaccessData.args=1
func.SafeArrayUnaccessData.arg.0=SAFEARRAY *,psa
func.SafeArrayUnaccessData.ret=HRESULT

SafeArrayUnlock=func
func.SafeArrayUnlock.args=1
func.SafeArrayUnlock.arg.0=SAFEARRAY *,psa
func.SafeArrayUnlock.ret=HRESULT

SetErrorInfo=func
func.SetErrorInfo.args=2
func.SetErrorInfo.arg.0=ULONG,dwReserved
func.SetErrorInfo.arg.1=IErrorInfo *,perrinfo
func.SetErrorInfo.ret=HRESULT

SysAddRefString=func
func.SysAddRefString.args=1
func.SysAddRefString.arg.0=BSTR,bstrString
func.SysAddRefString.ret=HRESULT

SysAllocString=func
func.SysAllocString.args=1
func.SysAllocString.arg.0=const OLECHAR *,psz
func.SysAllocString.ret=BSTR

SysAllocStringByteLen=func
func.SysAllocStringByteLen.args=2
func.SysAllocStringByteLen.arg.0=LPCSTR,psz
func.SysAllocStringByteLen.arg.1=UINT,len
func.SysAllocStringByteLen.ret=BSTR

SysAllocStringLen=func
func.SysAllocStringLen.args=2
func.SysAllocStringLen.arg.0=const OLECHAR *,strIn
func.SysAllocStringLen.arg.1=UINT,ui
func.SysAllocStringLen.ret=BSTR

SysFreeString=func
func.SysFreeString.args=1
func.SysFreeString.arg.0=BSTR,bstrString
func.SysFreeString.ret=void

SysReAllocString=func
func.SysReAllocString.args=2
func.SysReAllocString.arg.0=BSTR *,pbstr
func.SysReAllocString.arg.1=const OLECHAR *,psz
func.SysReAllocString.ret=INT

SysReAllocStringLen=func
func.SysReAllocStringLen.args=3
func.SysReAllocStringLen.arg.0=BSTR *,pbstr
func.SysReAllocStringLen.arg.1=const OLECHAR *,psz
func.SysReAllocStringLen.arg.2=unsigned int,len
func.SysReAllocStringLen.ret=INT

SysReleaseString=func
func.SysReleaseString.args=1
func.SysReleaseString.arg.0=BSTR,bstrString
func.SysReleaseString.ret=void

SysStringByteLen=func
func.SysStringByteLen.args=1
func.SysStringByteLen.arg.0=BSTR,bstr
func.SysStringByteLen.ret=UINT

SysStringLen=func
func.SysStringLen.args=1
func.SysStringLen.arg.0=BSTR,pbstr
func.SysStringLen.ret=UINT

SystemTimeToVariantTime=func
func.SystemTimeToVariantTime.args=2
func.SystemTimeToVariantTime.arg.0=LPSYSTEMTIME,lpSystemTime
func.SystemTimeToVariantTime.arg.1=DOUBLE *,pvtime
func.SystemTimeToVariantTime.ret=INT

UnRegisterTypeLib=func
func.UnRegisterTypeLib.args=5
func.UnRegisterTypeLib.arg.0=REFGUID,libID
func.UnRegisterTypeLib.arg.1=WORD,wVerMajor
func.UnRegisterTypeLib.arg.2=WORD,wVerMinor
func.UnRegisterTypeLib.arg.3=LCID,lcid
func.UnRegisterTypeLib.arg.4=SYSKIND,syskind
func.UnRegisterTypeLib.ret=HRESULT

UnRegisterTypeLibForUser=func
func.UnRegisterTypeLibForUser.args=5
func.UnRegisterTypeLibForUser.arg.0=REFGUID,libID
func.UnRegisterTypeLibForUser.arg.1=WORD,wMajorVerNum
func.UnRegisterTypeLibForUser.arg.2=WORD,wMinorVerNum
func.UnRegisterTypeLibForUser.arg.3=LCID,lcid
func.UnRegisterTypeLibForUser.arg.4=SYSKIND,syskind
func.UnRegisterTypeLibForUser.ret=HRESULT

VarAbs=func
func.VarAbs.args=2
func.VarAbs.arg.0=LPVARIANT,pvarIn
func.VarAbs.arg.1=LPVARIANT,pvarResult
func.VarAbs.ret=HRESULT

VarAdd=func
func.VarAdd.args=3
func.VarAdd.arg.0=LPVARIANT,pvarLeft
func.VarAdd.arg.1=LPVARIANT,pvarRight
func.VarAdd.arg.2=LPVARIANT,pvarResult
func.VarAdd.ret=HRESULT

VarAnd=func
func.VarAnd.args=3
func.VarAnd.arg.0=LPVARIANT,pvarLeft
func.VarAnd.arg.1=LPVARIANT,pvarRight
func.VarAnd.arg.2=LPVARIANT,pvarResult
func.VarAnd.ret=HRESULT

VarBoolFromCy=func
func.VarBoolFromCy.args=2
func.VarBoolFromCy.arg.0=CY,cyIn
func.VarBoolFromCy.arg.1=VARIANT_BOOL *,pboolOut
func.VarBoolFromCy.ret=HRESULT

VarBoolFromDate=func
func.VarBoolFromDate.args=2
func.VarBoolFromDate.arg.0=DATE,dateIn
func.VarBoolFromDate.arg.1=VARIANT_BOOL *,pboolOut
func.VarBoolFromDate.ret=HRESULT

VarBoolFromDec=func
func.VarBoolFromDec.args=2
func.VarBoolFromDec.arg.0=const DECIMAL *,pdecIn
func.VarBoolFromDec.arg.1=VARIANT_BOOL *,pboolOut
func.VarBoolFromDec.ret=HRESULT

VarBoolFromDisp=func
func.VarBoolFromDisp.args=3
func.VarBoolFromDisp.arg.0=IDispatch *,pdispIn
func.VarBoolFromDisp.arg.1=LCID,lcid
func.VarBoolFromDisp.arg.2=VARIANT_BOOL *,pboolOut
func.VarBoolFromDisp.ret=HRESULT

VarBoolFromI1=func
func.VarBoolFromI1.args=2
func.VarBoolFromI1.arg.0=CHAR,cIn
func.VarBoolFromI1.arg.1=VARIANT_BOOL *,pboolOut
func.VarBoolFromI1.ret=HRESULT

VarBoolFromI2=func
func.VarBoolFromI2.args=2
func.VarBoolFromI2.arg.0=SHORT,sIn
func.VarBoolFromI2.arg.1=VARIANT_BOOL *,pboolOut
func.VarBoolFromI2.ret=HRESULT

VarBoolFromI4=func
func.VarBoolFromI4.args=2
func.VarBoolFromI4.arg.0=LONG,lIn
func.VarBoolFromI4.arg.1=VARIANT_BOOL *,pboolOut
func.VarBoolFromI4.ret=HRESULT

VarBoolFromI8=func
func.VarBoolFromI8.args=2
func.VarBoolFromI8.arg.0=LONG64,i64In
func.VarBoolFromI8.arg.1=VARIANT_BOOL *,pboolOut
func.VarBoolFromI8.ret=HRESULT

VarBoolFromR4=func
func.VarBoolFromR4.args=2
func.VarBoolFromR4.arg.0=FLOAT,fltIn
func.VarBoolFromR4.arg.1=VARIANT_BOOL *,pboolOut
func.VarBoolFromR4.ret=HRESULT

VarBoolFromR8=func
func.VarBoolFromR8.args=2
func.VarBoolFromR8.arg.0=DOUBLE,dblIn
func.VarBoolFromR8.arg.1=VARIANT_BOOL *,pboolOut
func.VarBoolFromR8.ret=HRESULT

VarBoolFromStr=func
func.VarBoolFromStr.args=4
func.VarBoolFromStr.arg.0=LPCOLESTR,strIn
func.VarBoolFromStr.arg.1=LCID,lcid
func.VarBoolFromStr.arg.2=ULONG,dwFlags
func.VarBoolFromStr.arg.3=VARIANT_BOOL *,pboolOut
func.VarBoolFromStr.ret=HRESULT

VarBoolFromUI1=func
func.VarBoolFromUI1.args=2
func.VarBoolFromUI1.arg.0=BYTE,bIn
func.VarBoolFromUI1.arg.1=VARIANT_BOOL *,pboolOut
func.VarBoolFromUI1.ret=HRESULT

VarBoolFromUI2=func
func.VarBoolFromUI2.args=2
func.VarBoolFromUI2.arg.0=USHORT,uiIn
func.VarBoolFromUI2.arg.1=VARIANT_BOOL *,pboolOut
func.VarBoolFromUI2.ret=HRESULT

VarBoolFromUI4=func
func.VarBoolFromUI4.args=2
func.VarBoolFromUI4.arg.0=ULONG,ulIn
func.VarBoolFromUI4.arg.1=VARIANT_BOOL *,pboolOut
func.VarBoolFromUI4.ret=HRESULT

VarBoolFromUI8=func
func.VarBoolFromUI8.args=2
func.VarBoolFromUI8.arg.0=ULONG64,i64In
func.VarBoolFromUI8.arg.1=VARIANT_BOOL *,pboolOut
func.VarBoolFromUI8.ret=HRESULT

VarBstrCat=func
func.VarBstrCat.args=3
func.VarBstrCat.arg.0=BSTR,bstrLeft
func.VarBstrCat.arg.1=BSTR,bstrRight
func.VarBstrCat.arg.2=LPBSTR,pbstrResult
func.VarBstrCat.ret=HRESULT

VarBstrCmp=func
func.VarBstrCmp.args=4
func.VarBstrCmp.arg.0=BSTR,bstrLeft
func.VarBstrCmp.arg.1=BSTR,bstrRight
func.VarBstrCmp.arg.2=LCID,lcid
func.VarBstrCmp.arg.3=ULONG,dwFlags
func.VarBstrCmp.ret=HRESULT

VarBstrFromBool=func
func.VarBstrFromBool.args=4
func.VarBstrFromBool.arg.0=VARIANT_BOOL,boolIn
func.VarBstrFromBool.arg.1=LCID,lcid
func.VarBstrFromBool.arg.2=ULONG,dwFlags
func.VarBstrFromBool.arg.3=BSTR *,pbstrOut
func.VarBstrFromBool.ret=HRESULT

VarBstrFromCy=func
func.VarBstrFromCy.args=4
func.VarBstrFromCy.arg.0=CY,cyIn
func.VarBstrFromCy.arg.1=LCID,lcid
func.VarBstrFromCy.arg.2=ULONG,dwFlags
func.VarBstrFromCy.arg.3=BSTR *,pbstrOut
func.VarBstrFromCy.ret=HRESULT

VarBstrFromDate=func
func.VarBstrFromDate.args=4
func.VarBstrFromDate.arg.0=DATE,dateIn
func.VarBstrFromDate.arg.1=LCID,lcid
func.VarBstrFromDate.arg.2=ULONG,dwFlags
func.VarBstrFromDate.arg.3=BSTR *,pbstrOut
func.VarBstrFromDate.ret=HRESULT

VarBstrFromDec=func
func.VarBstrFromDec.args=4
func.VarBstrFromDec.arg.0=const DECIMAL *,pdecIn
func.VarBstrFromDec.arg.1=LCID,lcid
func.VarBstrFromDec.arg.2=ULONG,dwFlags
func.VarBstrFromDec.arg.3=BSTR *,pbstrOut
func.VarBstrFromDec.ret=HRESULT

VarBstrFromDisp=func
func.VarBstrFromDisp.args=4
func.VarBstrFromDisp.arg.0=IDispatch *,pdispIn
func.VarBstrFromDisp.arg.1=LCID,lcid
func.VarBstrFromDisp.arg.2=ULONG,dwFlags
func.VarBstrFromDisp.arg.3=BSTR *,pbstrOut
func.VarBstrFromDisp.ret=HRESULT

VarBstrFromI1=func
func.VarBstrFromI1.args=4
func.VarBstrFromI1.arg.0=CHAR,cIn
func.VarBstrFromI1.arg.1=LCID,lcid
func.VarBstrFromI1.arg.2=ULONG,dwFlags
func.VarBstrFromI1.arg.3=BSTR *,pbstrOut
func.VarBstrFromI1.ret=HRESULT

VarBstrFromI2=func
func.VarBstrFromI2.args=4
func.VarBstrFromI2.arg.0=SHORT,iVal
func.VarBstrFromI2.arg.1=LCID,lcid
func.VarBstrFromI2.arg.2=ULONG,dwFlags
func.VarBstrFromI2.arg.3=BSTR *,pbstrOut
func.VarBstrFromI2.ret=HRESULT

VarBstrFromI4=func
func.VarBstrFromI4.args=4
func.VarBstrFromI4.arg.0=LONG,lIn
func.VarBstrFromI4.arg.1=LCID,lcid
func.VarBstrFromI4.arg.2=ULONG,dwFlags
func.VarBstrFromI4.arg.3=BSTR *,pbstrOut
func.VarBstrFromI4.ret=HRESULT

VarBstrFromI8=func
func.VarBstrFromI8.args=4
func.VarBstrFromI8.arg.0=LONG64,i64In
func.VarBstrFromI8.arg.1=LCID,lcid
func.VarBstrFromI8.arg.2=ULONG,dwFlags
func.VarBstrFromI8.arg.3=BSTR *,pbstrOut
func.VarBstrFromI8.ret=HRESULT

VarBstrFromR4=func
func.VarBstrFromR4.args=4
func.VarBstrFromR4.arg.0=FLOAT,fltIn
func.VarBstrFromR4.arg.1=LCID,lcid
func.VarBstrFromR4.arg.2=ULONG,dwFlags
func.VarBstrFromR4.arg.3=BSTR *,pbstrOut
func.VarBstrFromR4.ret=HRESULT

VarBstrFromR8=func
func.VarBstrFromR8.args=4
func.VarBstrFromR8.arg.0=DOUBLE,dblIn
func.VarBstrFromR8.arg.1=LCID,lcid
func.VarBstrFromR8.arg.2=ULONG,dwFlags
func.VarBstrFromR8.arg.3=BSTR *,pbstrOut
func.VarBstrFromR8.ret=HRESULT

VarBstrFromUI1=func
func.VarBstrFromUI1.args=4
func.VarBstrFromUI1.arg.0=BYTE,bVal
func.VarBstrFromUI1.arg.1=LCID,lcid
func.VarBstrFromUI1.arg.2=ULONG,dwFlags
func.VarBstrFromUI1.arg.3=BSTR *,pbstrOut
func.VarBstrFromUI1.ret=HRESULT

VarBstrFromUI2=func
func.VarBstrFromUI2.args=4
func.VarBstrFromUI2.arg.0=USHORT,uiIn
func.VarBstrFromUI2.arg.1=LCID,lcid
func.VarBstrFromUI2.arg.2=ULONG,dwFlags
func.VarBstrFromUI2.arg.3=BSTR *,pbstrOut
func.VarBstrFromUI2.ret=HRESULT

VarBstrFromUI4=func
func.VarBstrFromUI4.args=4
func.VarBstrFromUI4.arg.0=ULONG,ulIn
func.VarBstrFromUI4.arg.1=LCID,lcid
func.VarBstrFromUI4.arg.2=ULONG,dwFlags
func.VarBstrFromUI4.arg.3=BSTR *,pbstrOut
func.VarBstrFromUI4.ret=HRESULT

VarBstrFromUI8=func
func.VarBstrFromUI8.args=4
func.VarBstrFromUI8.arg.0=ULONG64,ui64In
func.VarBstrFromUI8.arg.1=LCID,lcid
func.VarBstrFromUI8.arg.2=ULONG,dwFlags
func.VarBstrFromUI8.arg.3=BSTR *,pbstrOut
func.VarBstrFromUI8.ret=HRESULT

VarCat=func
func.VarCat.args=3
func.VarCat.arg.0=LPVARIANT,pvarLeft
func.VarCat.arg.1=LPVARIANT,pvarRight
func.VarCat.arg.2=LPVARIANT,pvarResult
func.VarCat.ret=HRESULT

VarCmp=func
func.VarCmp.args=4
func.VarCmp.arg.0=LPVARIANT,pvarLeft
func.VarCmp.arg.1=LPVARIANT,pvarRight
func.VarCmp.arg.2=LCID,lcid
func.VarCmp.arg.3=ULONG,dwFlags
func.VarCmp.ret=HRESULT

VarCyAbs=func
func.VarCyAbs.args=2
func.VarCyAbs.arg.0=CY,cyIn
func.VarCyAbs.arg.1=LPCY,pcyResult
func.VarCyAbs.ret=HRESULT

VarCyAdd=func
func.VarCyAdd.args=3
func.VarCyAdd.arg.0=CY,cyLeft
func.VarCyAdd.arg.1=CY,cyRight
func.VarCyAdd.arg.2=LPCY,pcyResult
func.VarCyAdd.ret=HRESULT

VarCyCmp=func
func.VarCyCmp.args=2
func.VarCyCmp.arg.0=CY,cyLeft
func.VarCyCmp.arg.1=CY,cyRight
func.VarCyCmp.ret=HRESULT

VarCyCmpR8=func
func.VarCyCmpR8.args=2
func.VarCyCmpR8.arg.0=CY,cyLeft
func.VarCyCmpR8.arg.1=double,dblRight
func.VarCyCmpR8.ret=HRESULT

VarCyFix=func
func.VarCyFix.args=2
func.VarCyFix.arg.0=CY,cyIn
func.VarCyFix.arg.1=LPCY,pcyResult
func.VarCyFix.ret=HRESULT

VarCyFromBool=func
func.VarCyFromBool.args=2
func.VarCyFromBool.arg.0=VARIANT_BOOL,boolIn
func.VarCyFromBool.arg.1=CY *,pcyOut
func.VarCyFromBool.ret=HRESULT

VarCyFromDate=func
func.VarCyFromDate.args=2
func.VarCyFromDate.arg.0=DATE,dateIn
func.VarCyFromDate.arg.1=CY *,pcyOut
func.VarCyFromDate.ret=HRESULT

VarCyFromDec=func
func.VarCyFromDec.args=2
func.VarCyFromDec.arg.0=const DECIMAL *,pdecIn
func.VarCyFromDec.arg.1=CY *,pcyOut
func.VarCyFromDec.ret=HRESULT

VarCyFromDisp=func
func.VarCyFromDisp.args=3
func.VarCyFromDisp.arg.0=IDispatch *,pdispIn
func.VarCyFromDisp.arg.1=LCID,lcid
func.VarCyFromDisp.arg.2=CY *,pcyOut
func.VarCyFromDisp.ret=HRESULT

VarCyFromI1=func
func.VarCyFromI1.args=2
func.VarCyFromI1.arg.0=CHAR,cIn
func.VarCyFromI1.arg.1=CY *,pcyOut
func.VarCyFromI1.ret=HRESULT

VarCyFromI2=func
func.VarCyFromI2.args=2
func.VarCyFromI2.arg.0=SHORT,sIn
func.VarCyFromI2.arg.1=CY *,pcyOut
func.VarCyFromI2.ret=HRESULT

VarCyFromI4=func
func.VarCyFromI4.args=2
func.VarCyFromI4.arg.0=LONG,lIn
func.VarCyFromI4.arg.1=CY *,pcyOut
func.VarCyFromI4.ret=HRESULT

VarCyFromI8=func
func.VarCyFromI8.args=2
func.VarCyFromI8.arg.0=LONG64,i64In
func.VarCyFromI8.arg.1=CY *,pcyOut
func.VarCyFromI8.ret=HRESULT

VarCyFromR4=func
func.VarCyFromR4.args=2
func.VarCyFromR4.arg.0=FLOAT,fltIn
func.VarCyFromR4.arg.1=CY *,pcyOut
func.VarCyFromR4.ret=HRESULT

VarCyFromR8=func
func.VarCyFromR8.args=2
func.VarCyFromR8.arg.0=DOUBLE,dblIn
func.VarCyFromR8.arg.1=CY *,pcyOut
func.VarCyFromR8.ret=HRESULT

VarCyFromStr=func
func.VarCyFromStr.args=4
func.VarCyFromStr.arg.0=LPCOLESTR,strIn
func.VarCyFromStr.arg.1=LCID,lcid
func.VarCyFromStr.arg.2=ULONG,dwFlags
func.VarCyFromStr.arg.3=CY *,pcyOut
func.VarCyFromStr.ret=HRESULT

VarCyFromUI1=func
func.VarCyFromUI1.args=2
func.VarCyFromUI1.arg.0=BYTE,bIn
func.VarCyFromUI1.arg.1=CY *,pcyOut
func.VarCyFromUI1.ret=HRESULT

VarCyFromUI2=func
func.VarCyFromUI2.args=2
func.VarCyFromUI2.arg.0=USHORT,uiIn
func.VarCyFromUI2.arg.1=CY *,pcyOut
func.VarCyFromUI2.ret=HRESULT

VarCyFromUI4=func
func.VarCyFromUI4.args=2
func.VarCyFromUI4.arg.0=ULONG,ulIn
func.VarCyFromUI4.arg.1=CY *,pcyOut
func.VarCyFromUI4.ret=HRESULT

VarCyFromUI8=func
func.VarCyFromUI8.args=2
func.VarCyFromUI8.arg.0=ULONG64,ui64In
func.VarCyFromUI8.arg.1=CY *,pcyOut
func.VarCyFromUI8.ret=HRESULT

VarCyInt=func
func.VarCyInt.args=2
func.VarCyInt.arg.0=CY,cyIn
func.VarCyInt.arg.1=LPCY,pcyResult
func.VarCyInt.ret=HRESULT

VarCyMul=func
func.VarCyMul.args=3
func.VarCyMul.arg.0=CY,cyLeft
func.VarCyMul.arg.1=CY,cyRight
func.VarCyMul.arg.2=LPCY,pcyResult
func.VarCyMul.ret=HRESULT

VarCyMulI4=func
func.VarCyMulI4.args=3
func.VarCyMulI4.arg.0=CY,cyLeft
func.VarCyMulI4.arg.1=LONG,lRight
func.VarCyMulI4.arg.2=LPCY,pcyResult
func.VarCyMulI4.ret=HRESULT

VarCyMulI8=func
func.VarCyMulI8.args=3
func.VarCyMulI8.arg.0=CY,cyLeft
func.VarCyMulI8.arg.1=LONG64,lRight
func.VarCyMulI8.arg.2=LPCY,pcyResult
func.VarCyMulI8.ret=HRESULT

VarCyNeg=func
func.VarCyNeg.args=2
func.VarCyNeg.arg.0=CY,cyIn
func.VarCyNeg.arg.1=LPCY,pcyResult
func.VarCyNeg.ret=HRESULT

VarCyRound=func
func.VarCyRound.args=3
func.VarCyRound.arg.0=CY,cyIn
func.VarCyRound.arg.1=int,cDecimals
func.VarCyRound.arg.2=LPCY,pcyResult
func.VarCyRound.ret=HRESULT

VarCySub=func
func.VarCySub.args=3
func.VarCySub.arg.0=CY,cyLeft
func.VarCySub.arg.1=CY,cyRight
func.VarCySub.arg.2=LPCY,pcyResult
func.VarCySub.ret=HRESULT

VarDateFromBool=func
func.VarDateFromBool.args=2
func.VarDateFromBool.arg.0=VARIANT_BOOL,boolIn
func.VarDateFromBool.arg.1=DATE *,pdateOut
func.VarDateFromBool.ret=HRESULT

VarDateFromCy=func
func.VarDateFromCy.args=2
func.VarDateFromCy.arg.0=CY,cyIn
func.VarDateFromCy.arg.1=DATE *,pdateOut
func.VarDateFromCy.ret=HRESULT

VarDateFromDec=func
func.VarDateFromDec.args=2
func.VarDateFromDec.arg.0=const DECIMAL *,pdecIn
func.VarDateFromDec.arg.1=DATE *,pdateOut
func.VarDateFromDec.ret=HRESULT

VarDateFromDisp=func
func.VarDateFromDisp.args=3
func.VarDateFromDisp.arg.0=IDispatch *,pdispIn
func.VarDateFromDisp.arg.1=LCID,lcid
func.VarDateFromDisp.arg.2=DATE *,pdateOut
func.VarDateFromDisp.ret=HRESULT

VarDateFromI1=func
func.VarDateFromI1.args=2
func.VarDateFromI1.arg.0=CHAR,cIn
func.VarDateFromI1.arg.1=DATE *,pdateOut
func.VarDateFromI1.ret=HRESULT

VarDateFromI2=func
func.VarDateFromI2.args=2
func.VarDateFromI2.arg.0=SHORT,sIn
func.VarDateFromI2.arg.1=DATE *,pdateOut
func.VarDateFromI2.ret=HRESULT

VarDateFromI4=func
func.VarDateFromI4.args=2
func.VarDateFromI4.arg.0=LONG,lIn
func.VarDateFromI4.arg.1=DATE *,pdateOut
func.VarDateFromI4.ret=HRESULT

VarDateFromI8=func
func.VarDateFromI8.args=2
func.VarDateFromI8.arg.0=LONG64,i64In
func.VarDateFromI8.arg.1=DATE *,pdateOut
func.VarDateFromI8.ret=HRESULT

VarDateFromR4=func
func.VarDateFromR4.args=2
func.VarDateFromR4.arg.0=FLOAT,fltIn
func.VarDateFromR4.arg.1=DATE *,pdateOut
func.VarDateFromR4.ret=HRESULT

VarDateFromR8=func
func.VarDateFromR8.args=2
func.VarDateFromR8.arg.0=DOUBLE,dblIn
func.VarDateFromR8.arg.1=DATE *,pdateOut
func.VarDateFromR8.ret=HRESULT

VarDateFromStr=func
func.VarDateFromStr.args=4
func.VarDateFromStr.arg.0=LPCOLESTR,strIn
func.VarDateFromStr.arg.1=LCID,lcid
func.VarDateFromStr.arg.2=ULONG,dwFlags
func.VarDateFromStr.arg.3=DATE *,pdateOut
func.VarDateFromStr.ret=HRESULT

VarDateFromUI1=func
func.VarDateFromUI1.args=2
func.VarDateFromUI1.arg.0=BYTE,bIn
func.VarDateFromUI1.arg.1=DATE *,pdateOut
func.VarDateFromUI1.ret=HRESULT

VarDateFromUI2=func
func.VarDateFromUI2.args=2
func.VarDateFromUI2.arg.0=USHORT,uiIn
func.VarDateFromUI2.arg.1=DATE *,pdateOut
func.VarDateFromUI2.ret=HRESULT

VarDateFromUI4=func
func.VarDateFromUI4.args=2
func.VarDateFromUI4.arg.0=ULONG,ulIn
func.VarDateFromUI4.arg.1=DATE *,pdateOut
func.VarDateFromUI4.ret=HRESULT

VarDateFromUI8=func
func.VarDateFromUI8.args=2
func.VarDateFromUI8.arg.0=ULONG64,ui64In
func.VarDateFromUI8.arg.1=DATE *,pdateOut
func.VarDateFromUI8.ret=HRESULT

VarDateFromUdate=func
func.VarDateFromUdate.args=3
func.VarDateFromUdate.arg.0=UDATE *,pudateIn
func.VarDateFromUdate.arg.1=ULONG,dwFlags
func.VarDateFromUdate.arg.2=DATE *,pdateOut
func.VarDateFromUdate.ret=HRESULT

VarDateFromUdateEx=func
func.VarDateFromUdateEx.args=4
func.VarDateFromUdateEx.arg.0=UDATE *,pudateIn
func.VarDateFromUdateEx.arg.1=LCID,lcid
func.VarDateFromUdateEx.arg.2=ULONG,dwFlags
func.VarDateFromUdateEx.arg.3=DATE *,pdateOut
func.VarDateFromUdateEx.ret=HRESULT

VarDecAbs=func
func.VarDecAbs.args=2
func.VarDecAbs.arg.0=LPDECIMAL,pdecIn
func.VarDecAbs.arg.1=LPDECIMAL,pdecResult
func.VarDecAbs.ret=HRESULT

VarDecAdd=func
func.VarDecAdd.args=3
func.VarDecAdd.arg.0=LPDECIMAL,pdecLeft
func.VarDecAdd.arg.1=LPDECIMAL,pdecRight
func.VarDecAdd.arg.2=LPDECIMAL,pdecResult
func.VarDecAdd.ret=HRESULT

VarDecCmp=func
func.VarDecCmp.args=2
func.VarDecCmp.arg.0=LPDECIMAL,pdecLeft
func.VarDecCmp.arg.1=LPDECIMAL,pdecRight
func.VarDecCmp.ret=HRESULT

VarDecCmpR8=func
func.VarDecCmpR8.args=2
func.VarDecCmpR8.arg.0=LPDECIMAL,pdecLeft
func.VarDecCmpR8.arg.1=double,dblRight
func.VarDecCmpR8.ret=HRESULT

VarDecDiv=func
func.VarDecDiv.args=3
func.VarDecDiv.arg.0=LPDECIMAL,pdecLeft
func.VarDecDiv.arg.1=LPDECIMAL,pdecRight
func.VarDecDiv.arg.2=LPDECIMAL,pdecResult
func.VarDecDiv.ret=HRESULT

VarDecFix=func
func.VarDecFix.args=2
func.VarDecFix.arg.0=LPDECIMAL,pdecIn
func.VarDecFix.arg.1=LPDECIMAL,pdecResult
func.VarDecFix.ret=HRESULT

VarDecFromBool=func
func.VarDecFromBool.args=2
func.VarDecFromBool.arg.0=VARIANT_BOOL,boolIn
func.VarDecFromBool.arg.1=DECIMAL *,pdecOut
func.VarDecFromBool.ret=HRESULT

VarDecFromCy=func
func.VarDecFromCy.args=2
func.VarDecFromCy.arg.0=CY,cyIn
func.VarDecFromCy.arg.1=DECIMAL *,pdecOut
func.VarDecFromCy.ret=HRESULT

VarDecFromDate=func
func.VarDecFromDate.args=2
func.VarDecFromDate.arg.0=DATE,dateIn
func.VarDecFromDate.arg.1=DECIMAL *,pdecOut
func.VarDecFromDate.ret=HRESULT

VarDecFromDisp=func
func.VarDecFromDisp.args=3
func.VarDecFromDisp.arg.0=IDispatch *,pdispIn
func.VarDecFromDisp.arg.1=LCID,lcid
func.VarDecFromDisp.arg.2=DECIMAL *,pdecOut
func.VarDecFromDisp.ret=HRESULT

VarDecFromI1=func
func.VarDecFromI1.args=2
func.VarDecFromI1.arg.0=CHAR,cIn
func.VarDecFromI1.arg.1=DECIMAL *,pdecOut
func.VarDecFromI1.ret=HRESULT

VarDecFromI2=func
func.VarDecFromI2.args=2
func.VarDecFromI2.arg.0=SHORT,uiIn
func.VarDecFromI2.arg.1=DECIMAL *,pdecOut
func.VarDecFromI2.ret=HRESULT

VarDecFromI4=func
func.VarDecFromI4.args=2
func.VarDecFromI4.arg.0=LONG,lIn
func.VarDecFromI4.arg.1=DECIMAL *,pdecOut
func.VarDecFromI4.ret=HRESULT

VarDecFromI8=func
func.VarDecFromI8.args=2
func.VarDecFromI8.arg.0=LONG64,i64In
func.VarDecFromI8.arg.1=DECIMAL *,pdecOut
func.VarDecFromI8.ret=HRESULT

VarDecFromR4=func
func.VarDecFromR4.args=2
func.VarDecFromR4.arg.0=FLOAT,fltIn
func.VarDecFromR4.arg.1=DECIMAL *,pdecOut
func.VarDecFromR4.ret=HRESULT

VarDecFromR8=func
func.VarDecFromR8.args=2
func.VarDecFromR8.arg.0=DOUBLE,dblIn
func.VarDecFromR8.arg.1=DECIMAL *,pdecOut
func.VarDecFromR8.ret=HRESULT

VarDecFromStr=func
func.VarDecFromStr.args=4
func.VarDecFromStr.arg.0=LPCOLESTR,strIn
func.VarDecFromStr.arg.1=LCID,lcid
func.VarDecFromStr.arg.2=ULONG,dwFlags
func.VarDecFromStr.arg.3=DECIMAL *,pdecOut
func.VarDecFromStr.ret=HRESULT

VarDecFromUI1=func
func.VarDecFromUI1.args=2
func.VarDecFromUI1.arg.0=BYTE,bIn
func.VarDecFromUI1.arg.1=DECIMAL *,pdecOut
func.VarDecFromUI1.ret=HRESULT

VarDecFromUI2=func
func.VarDecFromUI2.args=2
func.VarDecFromUI2.arg.0=USHORT,uiIn
func.VarDecFromUI2.arg.1=DECIMAL *,pdecOut
func.VarDecFromUI2.ret=HRESULT

VarDecFromUI4=func
func.VarDecFromUI4.args=2
func.VarDecFromUI4.arg.0=ULONG,ulIn
func.VarDecFromUI4.arg.1=DECIMAL *,pdecOut
func.VarDecFromUI4.ret=HRESULT

VarDecFromUI8=func
func.VarDecFromUI8.args=2
func.VarDecFromUI8.arg.0=ULONG64,ui64In
func.VarDecFromUI8.arg.1=DECIMAL *,pdecOut
func.VarDecFromUI8.ret=HRESULT

VarDecInt=func
func.VarDecInt.args=2
func.VarDecInt.arg.0=LPDECIMAL,pdecIn
func.VarDecInt.arg.1=LPDECIMAL,pdecResult
func.VarDecInt.ret=HRESULT

VarDecMul=func
func.VarDecMul.args=3
func.VarDecMul.arg.0=LPDECIMAL,pdecLeft
func.VarDecMul.arg.1=LPDECIMAL,pdecRight
func.VarDecMul.arg.2=LPDECIMAL,pdecResult
func.VarDecMul.ret=HRESULT

VarDecNeg=func
func.VarDecNeg.args=2
func.VarDecNeg.arg.0=LPDECIMAL,pdecIn
func.VarDecNeg.arg.1=LPDECIMAL,pdecResult
func.VarDecNeg.ret=HRESULT

VarDecRound=func
func.VarDecRound.args=3
func.VarDecRound.arg.0=LPDECIMAL,pdecIn
func.VarDecRound.arg.1=int,cDecimals
func.VarDecRound.arg.2=LPDECIMAL,pdecResult
func.VarDecRound.ret=HRESULT

VarDecSub=func
func.VarDecSub.args=3
func.VarDecSub.arg.0=LPDECIMAL,pdecLeft
func.VarDecSub.arg.1=LPDECIMAL,pdecRight
func.VarDecSub.arg.2=LPDECIMAL,pdecResult
func.VarDecSub.ret=HRESULT

VarDiv=func
func.VarDiv.args=3
func.VarDiv.arg.0=LPVARIANT,pvarLeft
func.VarDiv.arg.1=LPVARIANT,pvarRight
func.VarDiv.arg.2=LPVARIANT,pvarResult
func.VarDiv.ret=HRESULT

VarEqv=func
func.VarEqv.args=3
func.VarEqv.arg.0=LPVARIANT,pvarLeft
func.VarEqv.arg.1=LPVARIANT,pvarRight
func.VarEqv.arg.2=LPVARIANT,pvarResult
func.VarEqv.ret=HRESULT

VarFix=func
func.VarFix.args=2
func.VarFix.arg.0=LPVARIANT,pvarIn
func.VarFix.arg.1=LPVARIANT,pvarResult
func.VarFix.ret=HRESULT

VarFormat=func
func.VarFormat.args=6
func.VarFormat.arg.0=LPVARIANT,pvarIn
func.VarFormat.arg.1=LPOLESTR,pstrFormat
func.VarFormat.arg.2=int,iFirstDay
func.VarFormat.arg.3=int,iFirstWeek
func.VarFormat.arg.4=ULONG,dwFlags
func.VarFormat.arg.5=BSTR *,pbstrOut
func.VarFormat.ret=HRESULT

VarFormatCurrency=func
func.VarFormatCurrency.args=7
func.VarFormatCurrency.arg.0=LPVARIANT,pvarIn
func.VarFormatCurrency.arg.1=int,iNumDig
func.VarFormatCurrency.arg.2=int,iIncLead
func.VarFormatCurrency.arg.3=int,iUseParens
func.VarFormatCurrency.arg.4=int,iGroup
func.VarFormatCurrency.arg.5=ULONG,dwFlags
func.VarFormatCurrency.arg.6=BSTR *,pbstrOut
func.VarFormatCurrency.ret=HRESULT

VarFormatDateTime=func
func.VarFormatDateTime.args=4
func.VarFormatDateTime.arg.0=LPVARIANT,pvarIn
func.VarFormatDateTime.arg.1=int,iNamedFormat
func.VarFormatDateTime.arg.2=ULONG,dwFlags
func.VarFormatDateTime.arg.3=BSTR *,pbstrOut
func.VarFormatDateTime.ret=HRESULT

VarFormatFromTokens=func
func.VarFormatFromTokens.args=6
func.VarFormatFromTokens.arg.0=LPVARIANT,pvarIn
func.VarFormatFromTokens.arg.1=LPOLESTR,pstrFormat
func.VarFormatFromTokens.arg.2=LPBYTE,pbTokCur
func.VarFormatFromTokens.arg.3=ULONG,dwFlags
func.VarFormatFromTokens.arg.4=BSTR *,pbstrOut
func.VarFormatFromTokens.arg.5=LCID,lcid
func.VarFormatFromTokens.ret=HRESULT

VarFormatNumber=func
func.VarFormatNumber.args=7
func.VarFormatNumber.arg.0=LPVARIANT,pvarIn
func.VarFormatNumber.arg.1=int,iNumDig
func.VarFormatNumber.arg.2=int,iIncLead
func.VarFormatNumber.arg.3=int,iUseParens
func.VarFormatNumber.arg.4=int,iGroup
func.VarFormatNumber.arg.5=ULONG,dwFlags
func.VarFormatNumber.arg.6=BSTR *,pbstrOut
func.VarFormatNumber.ret=HRESULT

VarFormatPercent=func
func.VarFormatPercent.args=7
func.VarFormatPercent.arg.0=LPVARIANT,pvarIn
func.VarFormatPercent.arg.1=int,iNumDig
func.VarFormatPercent.arg.2=int,iIncLead
func.VarFormatPercent.arg.3=int,iUseParens
func.VarFormatPercent.arg.4=int,iGroup
func.VarFormatPercent.arg.5=ULONG,dwFlags
func.VarFormatPercent.arg.6=BSTR *,pbstrOut
func.VarFormatPercent.ret=HRESULT

VarI1FromBool=func
func.VarI1FromBool.args=2
func.VarI1FromBool.arg.0=VARIANT_BOOL,boolIn
func.VarI1FromBool.arg.1=CHAR *,pcOut
func.VarI1FromBool.ret=HRESULT

VarI1FromCy=func
func.VarI1FromCy.args=2
func.VarI1FromCy.arg.0=CY,cyIn
func.VarI1FromCy.arg.1=CHAR *,pcOut
func.VarI1FromCy.ret=HRESULT

VarI1FromDate=func
func.VarI1FromDate.args=2
func.VarI1FromDate.arg.0=DATE,dateIn
func.VarI1FromDate.arg.1=CHAR *,pcOut
func.VarI1FromDate.ret=HRESULT

VarI1FromDec=func
func.VarI1FromDec.args=2
func.VarI1FromDec.arg.0=const DECIMAL *,pdecIn
func.VarI1FromDec.arg.1=CHAR *,pcOut
func.VarI1FromDec.ret=HRESULT

VarI1FromDisp=func
func.VarI1FromDisp.args=3
func.VarI1FromDisp.arg.0=IDispatch *,pdispIn
func.VarI1FromDisp.arg.1=LCID,lcid
func.VarI1FromDisp.arg.2=CHAR *,pcOut
func.VarI1FromDisp.ret=HRESULT

VarI1FromI2=func
func.VarI1FromI2.args=2
func.VarI1FromI2.arg.0=SHORT,uiIn
func.VarI1FromI2.arg.1=CHAR *,pcOut
func.VarI1FromI2.ret=HRESULT

VarI1FromI4=func
func.VarI1FromI4.args=2
func.VarI1FromI4.arg.0=LONG,lIn
func.VarI1FromI4.arg.1=CHAR *,pcOut
func.VarI1FromI4.ret=HRESULT

VarI1FromI8=func
func.VarI1FromI8.args=2
func.VarI1FromI8.arg.0=LONG64,i64In
func.VarI1FromI8.arg.1=CHAR *,pcOut
func.VarI1FromI8.ret=HRESULT

VarI1FromR4=func
func.VarI1FromR4.args=2
func.VarI1FromR4.arg.0=FLOAT,fltIn
func.VarI1FromR4.arg.1=CHAR *,pcOut
func.VarI1FromR4.ret=HRESULT

VarI1FromR8=func
func.VarI1FromR8.args=2
func.VarI1FromR8.arg.0=DOUBLE,dblIn
func.VarI1FromR8.arg.1=CHAR *,pcOut
func.VarI1FromR8.ret=HRESULT

VarI1FromStr=func
func.VarI1FromStr.args=4
func.VarI1FromStr.arg.0=LPCOLESTR,strIn
func.VarI1FromStr.arg.1=LCID,lcid
func.VarI1FromStr.arg.2=ULONG,dwFlags
func.VarI1FromStr.arg.3=CHAR *,pcOut
func.VarI1FromStr.ret=HRESULT

VarI1FromUI1=func
func.VarI1FromUI1.args=2
func.VarI1FromUI1.arg.0=BYTE,bIn
func.VarI1FromUI1.arg.1=CHAR *,pcOut
func.VarI1FromUI1.ret=HRESULT

VarI1FromUI2=func
func.VarI1FromUI2.args=2
func.VarI1FromUI2.arg.0=USHORT,uiIn
func.VarI1FromUI2.arg.1=CHAR *,pcOut
func.VarI1FromUI2.ret=HRESULT

VarI1FromUI4=func
func.VarI1FromUI4.args=2
func.VarI1FromUI4.arg.0=ULONG,ulIn
func.VarI1FromUI4.arg.1=CHAR *,pcOut
func.VarI1FromUI4.ret=HRESULT

VarI1FromUI8=func
func.VarI1FromUI8.args=2
func.VarI1FromUI8.arg.0=ULONG64,i64In
func.VarI1FromUI8.arg.1=CHAR *,pcOut
func.VarI1FromUI8.ret=HRESULT

VarI2FromBool=func
func.VarI2FromBool.args=2
func.VarI2FromBool.arg.0=VARIANT_BOOL,boolIn
func.VarI2FromBool.arg.1=SHORT *,psOut
func.VarI2FromBool.ret=HRESULT

VarI2FromCy=func
func.VarI2FromCy.args=2
func.VarI2FromCy.arg.0=CY,cyIn
func.VarI2FromCy.arg.1=SHORT *,psOut
func.VarI2FromCy.ret=HRESULT

VarI2FromDate=func
func.VarI2FromDate.args=2
func.VarI2FromDate.arg.0=DATE,dateIn
func.VarI2FromDate.arg.1=SHORT *,psOut
func.VarI2FromDate.ret=HRESULT

VarI2FromDec=func
func.VarI2FromDec.args=2
func.VarI2FromDec.arg.0=const DECIMAL *,pdecIn
func.VarI2FromDec.arg.1=SHORT *,psOut
func.VarI2FromDec.ret=HRESULT

VarI2FromDisp=func
func.VarI2FromDisp.args=3
func.VarI2FromDisp.arg.0=IDispatch *,pdispIn
func.VarI2FromDisp.arg.1=LCID,lcid
func.VarI2FromDisp.arg.2=SHORT *,psOut
func.VarI2FromDisp.ret=HRESULT

VarI2FromI1=func
func.VarI2FromI1.args=2
func.VarI2FromI1.arg.0=CHAR,cIn
func.VarI2FromI1.arg.1=SHORT *,psOut
func.VarI2FromI1.ret=HRESULT

VarI2FromI4=func
func.VarI2FromI4.args=2
func.VarI2FromI4.arg.0=LONG,lIn
func.VarI2FromI4.arg.1=SHORT *,psOut
func.VarI2FromI4.ret=HRESULT

VarI2FromI8=func
func.VarI2FromI8.args=2
func.VarI2FromI8.arg.0=LONG64,i64In
func.VarI2FromI8.arg.1=SHORT *,psOut
func.VarI2FromI8.ret=HRESULT

VarI2FromR4=func
func.VarI2FromR4.args=2
func.VarI2FromR4.arg.0=FLOAT,fltIn
func.VarI2FromR4.arg.1=SHORT *,psOut
func.VarI2FromR4.ret=HRESULT

VarI2FromR8=func
func.VarI2FromR8.args=2
func.VarI2FromR8.arg.0=DOUBLE,dblIn
func.VarI2FromR8.arg.1=SHORT *,psOut
func.VarI2FromR8.ret=HRESULT

VarI2FromStr=func
func.VarI2FromStr.args=4
func.VarI2FromStr.arg.0=LPCOLESTR,strIn
func.VarI2FromStr.arg.1=LCID,lcid
func.VarI2FromStr.arg.2=ULONG,dwFlags
func.VarI2FromStr.arg.3=SHORT *,psOut
func.VarI2FromStr.ret=HRESULT

VarI2FromUI1=func
func.VarI2FromUI1.args=2
func.VarI2FromUI1.arg.0=BYTE,bIn
func.VarI2FromUI1.arg.1=SHORT *,psOut
func.VarI2FromUI1.ret=HRESULT

VarI2FromUI2=func
func.VarI2FromUI2.args=2
func.VarI2FromUI2.arg.0=USHORT,uiIn
func.VarI2FromUI2.arg.1=SHORT *,psOut
func.VarI2FromUI2.ret=HRESULT

VarI2FromUI4=func
func.VarI2FromUI4.args=2
func.VarI2FromUI4.arg.0=ULONG,ulIn
func.VarI2FromUI4.arg.1=SHORT *,psOut
func.VarI2FromUI4.ret=HRESULT

VarI2FromUI8=func
func.VarI2FromUI8.args=2
func.VarI2FromUI8.arg.0=ULONG64,ui64In
func.VarI2FromUI8.arg.1=SHORT *,psOut
func.VarI2FromUI8.ret=HRESULT

VarI4FromBool=func
func.VarI4FromBool.args=2
func.VarI4FromBool.arg.0=VARIANT_BOOL,boolIn
func.VarI4FromBool.arg.1=LONG *,plOut
func.VarI4FromBool.ret=HRESULT

VarI4FromCy=func
func.VarI4FromCy.args=2
func.VarI4FromCy.arg.0=CY,cyIn
func.VarI4FromCy.arg.1=LONG *,plOut
func.VarI4FromCy.ret=HRESULT

VarI4FromDate=func
func.VarI4FromDate.args=2
func.VarI4FromDate.arg.0=DATE,dateIn
func.VarI4FromDate.arg.1=LONG *,plOut
func.VarI4FromDate.ret=HRESULT

VarI4FromDec=func
func.VarI4FromDec.args=2
func.VarI4FromDec.arg.0=const DECIMAL *,pdecIn
func.VarI4FromDec.arg.1=LONG *,plOut
func.VarI4FromDec.ret=HRESULT

VarI4FromDisp=func
func.VarI4FromDisp.args=3
func.VarI4FromDisp.arg.0=IDispatch *,pdispIn
func.VarI4FromDisp.arg.1=LCID,lcid
func.VarI4FromDisp.arg.2=LONG *,plOut
func.VarI4FromDisp.ret=HRESULT

VarI4FromI1=func
func.VarI4FromI1.args=2
func.VarI4FromI1.arg.0=CHAR,cIn
func.VarI4FromI1.arg.1=LONG *,plOut
func.VarI4FromI1.ret=HRESULT

VarI4FromI2=func
func.VarI4FromI2.args=2
func.VarI4FromI2.arg.0=SHORT,sIn
func.VarI4FromI2.arg.1=LONG *,plOut
func.VarI4FromI2.ret=HRESULT

VarI4FromI8=func
func.VarI4FromI8.args=2
func.VarI4FromI8.arg.0=LONG64,i64In
func.VarI4FromI8.arg.1=LONG *,plOut
func.VarI4FromI8.ret=HRESULT

VarI4FromR4=func
func.VarI4FromR4.args=2
func.VarI4FromR4.arg.0=FLOAT,fltIn
func.VarI4FromR4.arg.1=LONG *,plOut
func.VarI4FromR4.ret=HRESULT

VarI4FromR8=func
func.VarI4FromR8.args=2
func.VarI4FromR8.arg.0=DOUBLE,dblIn
func.VarI4FromR8.arg.1=LONG *,plOut
func.VarI4FromR8.ret=HRESULT

VarI4FromStr=func
func.VarI4FromStr.args=4
func.VarI4FromStr.arg.0=LPCOLESTR,strIn
func.VarI4FromStr.arg.1=LCID,lcid
func.VarI4FromStr.arg.2=ULONG,dwFlags
func.VarI4FromStr.arg.3=LONG *,plOut
func.VarI4FromStr.ret=HRESULT

VarI4FromUI1=func
func.VarI4FromUI1.args=2
func.VarI4FromUI1.arg.0=BYTE,bIn
func.VarI4FromUI1.arg.1=LONG *,plOut
func.VarI4FromUI1.ret=HRESULT

VarI4FromUI2=func
func.VarI4FromUI2.args=2
func.VarI4FromUI2.arg.0=USHORT,uiIn
func.VarI4FromUI2.arg.1=LONG *,plOut
func.VarI4FromUI2.ret=HRESULT

VarI4FromUI4=func
func.VarI4FromUI4.args=2
func.VarI4FromUI4.arg.0=ULONG,ulIn
func.VarI4FromUI4.arg.1=LONG *,plOut
func.VarI4FromUI4.ret=HRESULT

VarI4FromUI8=func
func.VarI4FromUI8.args=2
func.VarI4FromUI8.arg.0=ULONG64,ui64In
func.VarI4FromUI8.arg.1=LONG *,plOut
func.VarI4FromUI8.ret=HRESULT

VarI8FromBool=func
func.VarI8FromBool.args=2
func.VarI8FromBool.arg.0=VARIANT_BOOL,boolIn
func.VarI8FromBool.arg.1=LONG64 *,pi64Out
func.VarI8FromBool.ret=HRESULT

VarI8FromCy=func
func.VarI8FromCy.args=2
func.VarI8FromCy.arg.0=CY,cyIn
func.VarI8FromCy.arg.1=LONG64 *,pi64Out
func.VarI8FromCy.ret=HRESULT

VarI8FromDate=func
func.VarI8FromDate.args=2
func.VarI8FromDate.arg.0=DATE,dateIn
func.VarI8FromDate.arg.1=LONG64 *,pi64Out
func.VarI8FromDate.ret=HRESULT

VarI8FromDec=func
func.VarI8FromDec.args=2
func.VarI8FromDec.arg.0=const DECIMAL *,pdecIn
func.VarI8FromDec.arg.1=LONG64 *,pi64Out
func.VarI8FromDec.ret=HRESULT

VarI8FromDisp=func
func.VarI8FromDisp.args=3
func.VarI8FromDisp.arg.0=IDispatch *,pdispIn
func.VarI8FromDisp.arg.1=LCID,lcid
func.VarI8FromDisp.arg.2=LONG64 *,pi64Out
func.VarI8FromDisp.ret=HRESULT

VarI8FromI1=func
func.VarI8FromI1.args=2
func.VarI8FromI1.arg.0=CHAR,cIn
func.VarI8FromI1.arg.1=LONG64 *,pi64Out
func.VarI8FromI1.ret=HRESULT

VarI8FromI2=func
func.VarI8FromI2.args=2
func.VarI8FromI2.arg.0=SHORT,sIn
func.VarI8FromI2.arg.1=LONG64 *,pi64Out
func.VarI8FromI2.ret=HRESULT

VarI8FromR4=func
func.VarI8FromR4.args=2
func.VarI8FromR4.arg.0=FLOAT,fltIn
func.VarI8FromR4.arg.1=LONG64 *,pi64Out
func.VarI8FromR4.ret=HRESULT

VarI8FromR8=func
func.VarI8FromR8.args=2
func.VarI8FromR8.arg.0=DOUBLE,dblIn
func.VarI8FromR8.arg.1=LONG64 *,pi64Out
func.VarI8FromR8.ret=HRESULT

VarI8FromStr=func
func.VarI8FromStr.args=4
func.VarI8FromStr.arg.0=LPCOLESTR,strIn
func.VarI8FromStr.arg.1=LCID,lcid
func.VarI8FromStr.arg.2=ULONG,dwFlags
func.VarI8FromStr.arg.3=LONG64 *,pi64Out
func.VarI8FromStr.ret=HRESULT

VarI8FromUI1=func
func.VarI8FromUI1.args=2
func.VarI8FromUI1.arg.0=BYTE,bIn
func.VarI8FromUI1.arg.1=LONG64 *,pi64Out
func.VarI8FromUI1.ret=HRESULT

VarI8FromUI2=func
func.VarI8FromUI2.args=2
func.VarI8FromUI2.arg.0=USHORT,uiIn
func.VarI8FromUI2.arg.1=LONG64 *,pi64Out
func.VarI8FromUI2.ret=HRESULT

VarI8FromUI4=func
func.VarI8FromUI4.args=2
func.VarI8FromUI4.arg.0=ULONG,ulIn
func.VarI8FromUI4.arg.1=LONG64 *,pi64Out
func.VarI8FromUI4.ret=HRESULT

VarI8FromUI8=func
func.VarI8FromUI8.args=2
func.VarI8FromUI8.arg.0=ULONG64,ui64In
func.VarI8FromUI8.arg.1=LONG64 *,pi64Out
func.VarI8FromUI8.ret=HRESULT

VarIdiv=func
func.VarIdiv.args=3
func.VarIdiv.arg.0=LPVARIANT,pvarLeft
func.VarIdiv.arg.1=LPVARIANT,pvarRight
func.VarIdiv.arg.2=LPVARIANT,pvarResult
func.VarIdiv.ret=HRESULT

VarImp=func
func.VarImp.args=3
func.VarImp.arg.0=LPVARIANT,pvarLeft
func.VarImp.arg.1=LPVARIANT,pvarRight
func.VarImp.arg.2=LPVARIANT,pvarResult
func.VarImp.ret=HRESULT

VarInt=func
func.VarInt.args=2
func.VarInt.arg.0=LPVARIANT,pvarIn
func.VarInt.arg.1=LPVARIANT,pvarResult
func.VarInt.ret=HRESULT

VarMod=func
func.VarMod.args=3
func.VarMod.arg.0=LPVARIANT,pvarLeft
func.VarMod.arg.1=LPVARIANT,pvarRight
func.VarMod.arg.2=LPVARIANT,pvarResult
func.VarMod.ret=HRESULT

VarMonthName=func
func.VarMonthName.args=4
func.VarMonthName.arg.0=int,iMonth
func.VarMonthName.arg.1=int,fAbbrev
func.VarMonthName.arg.2=ULONG,dwFlags
func.VarMonthName.arg.3=BSTR *,pbstrOut
func.VarMonthName.ret=HRESULT

VarMul=func
func.VarMul.args=3
func.VarMul.arg.0=LPVARIANT,pvarLeft
func.VarMul.arg.1=LPVARIANT,pvarRight
func.VarMul.arg.2=LPVARIANT,pvarResult
func.VarMul.ret=HRESULT

VarNeg=func
func.VarNeg.args=2
func.VarNeg.arg.0=LPVARIANT,pvarIn
func.VarNeg.arg.1=LPVARIANT,pvarResult
func.VarNeg.ret=HRESULT

VarNot=func
func.VarNot.args=2
func.VarNot.arg.0=LPVARIANT,pvarIn
func.VarNot.arg.1=LPVARIANT,pvarResult
func.VarNot.ret=HRESULT

VarNumFromParseNum=func
func.VarNumFromParseNum.args=4
func.VarNumFromParseNum.arg.0=NUMPARSE *,pnumprs
func.VarNumFromParseNum.arg.1=BYTE *,rgbDig
func.VarNumFromParseNum.arg.2=ULONG,dwVtBits
func.VarNumFromParseNum.arg.3=VARIANT *,pvar
func.VarNumFromParseNum.ret=HRESULT

VarOr=func
func.VarOr.args=3
func.VarOr.arg.0=LPVARIANT,pvarLeft
func.VarOr.arg.1=LPVARIANT,pvarRight
func.VarOr.arg.2=LPVARIANT,pvarResult
func.VarOr.ret=HRESULT

VarParseNumFromStr=func
func.VarParseNumFromStr.args=5
func.VarParseNumFromStr.arg.0=LPCOLESTR,strIn
func.VarParseNumFromStr.arg.1=LCID,lcid
func.VarParseNumFromStr.arg.2=ULONG,dwFlags
func.VarParseNumFromStr.arg.3=NUMPARSE *,pnumprs
func.VarParseNumFromStr.arg.4=BYTE *,rgbDig
func.VarParseNumFromStr.ret=HRESULT

VarPow=func
func.VarPow.args=3
func.VarPow.arg.0=LPVARIANT,pvarLeft
func.VarPow.arg.1=LPVARIANT,pvarRight
func.VarPow.arg.2=LPVARIANT,pvarResult
func.VarPow.ret=HRESULT

VarR4CmpR8=func
func.VarR4CmpR8.args=2
func.VarR4CmpR8.arg.0=float,fltLeft
func.VarR4CmpR8.arg.1=double,dblRight
func.VarR4CmpR8.ret=HRESULT

VarR4FromBool=func
func.VarR4FromBool.args=2
func.VarR4FromBool.arg.0=VARIANT_BOOL,boolIn
func.VarR4FromBool.arg.1=FLOAT *,pfltOut
func.VarR4FromBool.ret=HRESULT

VarR4FromCy=func
func.VarR4FromCy.args=2
func.VarR4FromCy.arg.0=CY,cyIn
func.VarR4FromCy.arg.1=FLOAT *,pfltOut
func.VarR4FromCy.ret=HRESULT

VarR4FromDate=func
func.VarR4FromDate.args=2
func.VarR4FromDate.arg.0=DATE,dateIn
func.VarR4FromDate.arg.1=FLOAT *,pfltOut
func.VarR4FromDate.ret=HRESULT

VarR4FromDec=func
func.VarR4FromDec.args=2
func.VarR4FromDec.arg.0=const DECIMAL *,pdecIn
func.VarR4FromDec.arg.1=FLOAT *,pfltOut
func.VarR4FromDec.ret=HRESULT

VarR4FromDisp=func
func.VarR4FromDisp.args=3
func.VarR4FromDisp.arg.0=IDispatch *,pdispIn
func.VarR4FromDisp.arg.1=LCID,lcid
func.VarR4FromDisp.arg.2=FLOAT *,pfltOut
func.VarR4FromDisp.ret=HRESULT

VarR4FromI1=func
func.VarR4FromI1.args=2
func.VarR4FromI1.arg.0=CHAR,cIn
func.VarR4FromI1.arg.1=FLOAT *,pfltOut
func.VarR4FromI1.ret=HRESULT

VarR4FromI2=func
func.VarR4FromI2.args=2
func.VarR4FromI2.arg.0=SHORT,sIn
func.VarR4FromI2.arg.1=FLOAT *,pfltOut
func.VarR4FromI2.ret=HRESULT

VarR4FromI4=func
func.VarR4FromI4.args=2
func.VarR4FromI4.arg.0=LONG,lIn
func.VarR4FromI4.arg.1=FLOAT *,pfltOut
func.VarR4FromI4.ret=HRESULT

VarR4FromI8=func
func.VarR4FromI8.args=2
func.VarR4FromI8.arg.0=LONG64,i64In
func.VarR4FromI8.arg.1=FLOAT *,pfltOut
func.VarR4FromI8.ret=HRESULT

VarR4FromR8=func
func.VarR4FromR8.args=2
func.VarR4FromR8.arg.0=DOUBLE,dblIn
func.VarR4FromR8.arg.1=FLOAT *,pfltOut
func.VarR4FromR8.ret=HRESULT

VarR4FromStr=func
func.VarR4FromStr.args=4
func.VarR4FromStr.arg.0=LPCOLESTR,strIn
func.VarR4FromStr.arg.1=LCID,lcid
func.VarR4FromStr.arg.2=ULONG,dwFlags
func.VarR4FromStr.arg.3=FLOAT *,pfltOut
func.VarR4FromStr.ret=HRESULT

VarR4FromUI1=func
func.VarR4FromUI1.args=2
func.VarR4FromUI1.arg.0=BYTE,bIn
func.VarR4FromUI1.arg.1=FLOAT *,pfltOut
func.VarR4FromUI1.ret=HRESULT

VarR4FromUI2=func
func.VarR4FromUI2.args=2
func.VarR4FromUI2.arg.0=USHORT,uiIn
func.VarR4FromUI2.arg.1=FLOAT *,pfltOut
func.VarR4FromUI2.ret=HRESULT

VarR4FromUI4=func
func.VarR4FromUI4.args=2
func.VarR4FromUI4.arg.0=ULONG,ulIn
func.VarR4FromUI4.arg.1=FLOAT *,pfltOut
func.VarR4FromUI4.ret=HRESULT

VarR4FromUI8=func
func.VarR4FromUI8.args=2
func.VarR4FromUI8.arg.0=ULONG64,ui64In
func.VarR4FromUI8.arg.1=FLOAT *,pfltOut
func.VarR4FromUI8.ret=HRESULT

VarR8FromBool=func
func.VarR8FromBool.args=2
func.VarR8FromBool.arg.0=VARIANT_BOOL,boolIn
func.VarR8FromBool.arg.1=DOUBLE *,pdblOut
func.VarR8FromBool.ret=HRESULT

VarR8FromCy=func
func.VarR8FromCy.args=2
func.VarR8FromCy.arg.0=CY,cyIn
func.VarR8FromCy.arg.1=DOUBLE *,pdblOut
func.VarR8FromCy.ret=HRESULT

VarR8FromDate=func
func.VarR8FromDate.args=2
func.VarR8FromDate.arg.0=DATE,dateIn
func.VarR8FromDate.arg.1=DOUBLE *,pdblOut
func.VarR8FromDate.ret=HRESULT

VarR8FromDec=func
func.VarR8FromDec.args=2
func.VarR8FromDec.arg.0=const DECIMAL *,pdecIn
func.VarR8FromDec.arg.1=DOUBLE *,pdblOut
func.VarR8FromDec.ret=HRESULT

VarR8FromDisp=func
func.VarR8FromDisp.args=3
func.VarR8FromDisp.arg.0=IDispatch *,pdispIn
func.VarR8FromDisp.arg.1=LCID,lcid
func.VarR8FromDisp.arg.2=DOUBLE *,pdblOut
func.VarR8FromDisp.ret=HRESULT

VarR8FromI1=func
func.VarR8FromI1.args=2
func.VarR8FromI1.arg.0=CHAR,cIn
func.VarR8FromI1.arg.1=DOUBLE *,pdblOut
func.VarR8FromI1.ret=HRESULT

VarR8FromI2=func
func.VarR8FromI2.args=2
func.VarR8FromI2.arg.0=SHORT,sIn
func.VarR8FromI2.arg.1=DOUBLE *,pdblOut
func.VarR8FromI2.ret=HRESULT

VarR8FromI4=func
func.VarR8FromI4.args=2
func.VarR8FromI4.arg.0=LONG,lIn
func.VarR8FromI4.arg.1=DOUBLE *,pdblOut
func.VarR8FromI4.ret=HRESULT

VarR8FromI8=func
func.VarR8FromI8.args=2
func.VarR8FromI8.arg.0=LONG64,i64In
func.VarR8FromI8.arg.1=DOUBLE *,pdblOut
func.VarR8FromI8.ret=HRESULT

VarR8FromR4=func
func.VarR8FromR4.args=2
func.VarR8FromR4.arg.0=FLOAT,fltIn
func.VarR8FromR4.arg.1=DOUBLE *,pdblOut
func.VarR8FromR4.ret=HRESULT

VarR8FromStr=func
func.VarR8FromStr.args=4
func.VarR8FromStr.arg.0=LPCOLESTR,strIn
func.VarR8FromStr.arg.1=LCID,lcid
func.VarR8FromStr.arg.2=ULONG,dwFlags
func.VarR8FromStr.arg.3=DOUBLE *,pdblOut
func.VarR8FromStr.ret=HRESULT

VarR8FromUI1=func
func.VarR8FromUI1.args=2
func.VarR8FromUI1.arg.0=BYTE,bIn
func.VarR8FromUI1.arg.1=DOUBLE *,pdblOut
func.VarR8FromUI1.ret=HRESULT

VarR8FromUI2=func
func.VarR8FromUI2.args=2
func.VarR8FromUI2.arg.0=USHORT,uiIn
func.VarR8FromUI2.arg.1=DOUBLE *,pdblOut
func.VarR8FromUI2.ret=HRESULT

VarR8FromUI4=func
func.VarR8FromUI4.args=2
func.VarR8FromUI4.arg.0=ULONG,ulIn
func.VarR8FromUI4.arg.1=DOUBLE *,pdblOut
func.VarR8FromUI4.ret=HRESULT

VarR8FromUI8=func
func.VarR8FromUI8.args=2
func.VarR8FromUI8.arg.0=ULONG64,ui64In
func.VarR8FromUI8.arg.1=DOUBLE *,pdblOut
func.VarR8FromUI8.ret=HRESULT

VarR8Pow=func
func.VarR8Pow.args=3
func.VarR8Pow.arg.0=double,dblLeft
func.VarR8Pow.arg.1=double,dblRight
func.VarR8Pow.arg.2=double *,pdblResult
func.VarR8Pow.ret=HRESULT

VarR8Round=func
func.VarR8Round.args=3
func.VarR8Round.arg.0=double,dblIn
func.VarR8Round.arg.1=int,cDecimals
func.VarR8Round.arg.2=double *,pdblResult
func.VarR8Round.ret=HRESULT

VarRound=func
func.VarRound.args=3
func.VarRound.arg.0=LPVARIANT,pvarIn
func.VarRound.arg.1=int,cDecimals
func.VarRound.arg.2=LPVARIANT,pvarResult
func.VarRound.ret=HRESULT

VarSub=func
func.VarSub.args=3
func.VarSub.arg.0=LPVARIANT,pvarLeft
func.VarSub.arg.1=LPVARIANT,pvarRight
func.VarSub.arg.2=LPVARIANT,pvarResult
func.VarSub.ret=HRESULT

VarTokenizeFormatString=func
func.VarTokenizeFormatString.args=7
func.VarTokenizeFormatString.arg.0=LPOLESTR,pstrFormat
func.VarTokenizeFormatString.arg.1=LPBYTE,rgbTok
func.VarTokenizeFormatString.arg.2=int,cbTok
func.VarTokenizeFormatString.arg.3=int,iFirstDay
func.VarTokenizeFormatString.arg.4=int,iFirstWeek
func.VarTokenizeFormatString.arg.5=LCID,lcid
func.VarTokenizeFormatString.arg.6=int *,pcbActual
func.VarTokenizeFormatString.ret=HRESULT

VarUI1FromBool=func
func.VarUI1FromBool.args=2
func.VarUI1FromBool.arg.0=VARIANT_BOOL,boolIn
func.VarUI1FromBool.arg.1=BYTE *,pbOut
func.VarUI1FromBool.ret=HRESULT

VarUI1FromCy=func
func.VarUI1FromCy.args=2
func.VarUI1FromCy.arg.0=CY,cyIn
func.VarUI1FromCy.arg.1=BYTE *,pbOut
func.VarUI1FromCy.ret=HRESULT

VarUI1FromDate=func
func.VarUI1FromDate.args=2
func.VarUI1FromDate.arg.0=DATE,dateIn
func.VarUI1FromDate.arg.1=BYTE *,pbOut
func.VarUI1FromDate.ret=HRESULT

VarUI1FromDec=func
func.VarUI1FromDec.args=2
func.VarUI1FromDec.arg.0=const DECIMAL *,pdecIn
func.VarUI1FromDec.arg.1=BYTE *,pbOut
func.VarUI1FromDec.ret=HRESULT

VarUI1FromDisp=func
func.VarUI1FromDisp.args=3
func.VarUI1FromDisp.arg.0=IDispatch *,pdispIn
func.VarUI1FromDisp.arg.1=LCID,lcid
func.VarUI1FromDisp.arg.2=BYTE *,pbOut
func.VarUI1FromDisp.ret=HRESULT

VarUI1FromI1=func
func.VarUI1FromI1.args=2
func.VarUI1FromI1.arg.0=CHAR,cIn
func.VarUI1FromI1.arg.1=BYTE *,pbOut
func.VarUI1FromI1.ret=HRESULT

VarUI1FromI2=func
func.VarUI1FromI2.args=2
func.VarUI1FromI2.arg.0=SHORT,sIn
func.VarUI1FromI2.arg.1=BYTE *,pbOut
func.VarUI1FromI2.ret=HRESULT

VarUI1FromI4=func
func.VarUI1FromI4.args=2
func.VarUI1FromI4.arg.0=LONG,lIn
func.VarUI1FromI4.arg.1=BYTE *,pbOut
func.VarUI1FromI4.ret=HRESULT

VarUI1FromI8=func
func.VarUI1FromI8.args=2
func.VarUI1FromI8.arg.0=LONG64,i64In
func.VarUI1FromI8.arg.1=BYTE *,pbOut
func.VarUI1FromI8.ret=HRESULT

VarUI1FromR4=func
func.VarUI1FromR4.args=2
func.VarUI1FromR4.arg.0=FLOAT,fltIn
func.VarUI1FromR4.arg.1=BYTE *,pbOut
func.VarUI1FromR4.ret=HRESULT

VarUI1FromR8=func
func.VarUI1FromR8.args=2
func.VarUI1FromR8.arg.0=DOUBLE,dblIn
func.VarUI1FromR8.arg.1=BYTE *,pbOut
func.VarUI1FromR8.ret=HRESULT

VarUI1FromStr=func
func.VarUI1FromStr.args=4
func.VarUI1FromStr.arg.0=LPCOLESTR,strIn
func.VarUI1FromStr.arg.1=LCID,lcid
func.VarUI1FromStr.arg.2=ULONG,dwFlags
func.VarUI1FromStr.arg.3=BYTE *,pbOut
func.VarUI1FromStr.ret=HRESULT

VarUI1FromUI2=func
func.VarUI1FromUI2.args=2
func.VarUI1FromUI2.arg.0=USHORT,uiIn
func.VarUI1FromUI2.arg.1=BYTE *,pbOut
func.VarUI1FromUI2.ret=HRESULT

VarUI1FromUI4=func
func.VarUI1FromUI4.args=2
func.VarUI1FromUI4.arg.0=ULONG,ulIn
func.VarUI1FromUI4.arg.1=BYTE *,pbOut
func.VarUI1FromUI4.ret=HRESULT

VarUI1FromUI8=func
func.VarUI1FromUI8.args=2
func.VarUI1FromUI8.arg.0=ULONG64,ui64In
func.VarUI1FromUI8.arg.1=BYTE *,pbOut
func.VarUI1FromUI8.ret=HRESULT

VarUI2FromBool=func
func.VarUI2FromBool.args=2
func.VarUI2FromBool.arg.0=VARIANT_BOOL,boolIn
func.VarUI2FromBool.arg.1=USHORT *,puiOut
func.VarUI2FromBool.ret=HRESULT

VarUI2FromCy=func
func.VarUI2FromCy.args=2
func.VarUI2FromCy.arg.0=CY,cyIn
func.VarUI2FromCy.arg.1=USHORT *,puiOut
func.VarUI2FromCy.ret=HRESULT

VarUI2FromDate=func
func.VarUI2FromDate.args=2
func.VarUI2FromDate.arg.0=DATE,dateIn
func.VarUI2FromDate.arg.1=USHORT *,puiOut
func.VarUI2FromDate.ret=HRESULT

VarUI2FromDec=func
func.VarUI2FromDec.args=2
func.VarUI2FromDec.arg.0=const DECIMAL *,pdecIn
func.VarUI2FromDec.arg.1=USHORT *,puiOut
func.VarUI2FromDec.ret=HRESULT

VarUI2FromDisp=func
func.VarUI2FromDisp.args=3
func.VarUI2FromDisp.arg.0=IDispatch *,pdispIn
func.VarUI2FromDisp.arg.1=LCID,lcid
func.VarUI2FromDisp.arg.2=USHORT *,puiOut
func.VarUI2FromDisp.ret=HRESULT

VarUI2FromI1=func
func.VarUI2FromI1.args=2
func.VarUI2FromI1.arg.0=CHAR,cIn
func.VarUI2FromI1.arg.1=USHORT *,puiOut
func.VarUI2FromI1.ret=HRESULT

VarUI2FromI2=func
func.VarUI2FromI2.args=2
func.VarUI2FromI2.arg.0=SHORT,uiIn
func.VarUI2FromI2.arg.1=USHORT *,puiOut
func.VarUI2FromI2.ret=HRESULT

VarUI2FromI4=func
func.VarUI2FromI4.args=2
func.VarUI2FromI4.arg.0=LONG,lIn
func.VarUI2FromI4.arg.1=USHORT *,puiOut
func.VarUI2FromI4.ret=HRESULT

VarUI2FromI8=func
func.VarUI2FromI8.args=2
func.VarUI2FromI8.arg.0=LONG64,i64In
func.VarUI2FromI8.arg.1=USHORT *,puiOut
func.VarUI2FromI8.ret=HRESULT

VarUI2FromR4=func
func.VarUI2FromR4.args=2
func.VarUI2FromR4.arg.0=FLOAT,fltIn
func.VarUI2FromR4.arg.1=USHORT *,puiOut
func.VarUI2FromR4.ret=HRESULT

VarUI2FromR8=func
func.VarUI2FromR8.args=2
func.VarUI2FromR8.arg.0=DOUBLE,dblIn
func.VarUI2FromR8.arg.1=USHORT *,puiOut
func.VarUI2FromR8.ret=HRESULT

VarUI2FromStr=func
func.VarUI2FromStr.args=4
func.VarUI2FromStr.arg.0=LPCOLESTR,strIn
func.VarUI2FromStr.arg.1=LCID,lcid
func.VarUI2FromStr.arg.2=ULONG,dwFlags
func.VarUI2FromStr.arg.3=USHORT *,puiOut
func.VarUI2FromStr.ret=HRESULT

VarUI2FromUI1=func
func.VarUI2FromUI1.args=2
func.VarUI2FromUI1.arg.0=BYTE,bIn
func.VarUI2FromUI1.arg.1=USHORT *,puiOut
func.VarUI2FromUI1.ret=HRESULT

VarUI2FromUI4=func
func.VarUI2FromUI4.args=2
func.VarUI2FromUI4.arg.0=ULONG,ulIn
func.VarUI2FromUI4.arg.1=USHORT *,puiOut
func.VarUI2FromUI4.ret=HRESULT

VarUI2FromUI8=func
func.VarUI2FromUI8.args=2
func.VarUI2FromUI8.arg.0=ULONG64,i64In
func.VarUI2FromUI8.arg.1=USHORT *,puiOut
func.VarUI2FromUI8.ret=HRESULT

VarUI4FromBool=func
func.VarUI4FromBool.args=2
func.VarUI4FromBool.arg.0=VARIANT_BOOL,boolIn
func.VarUI4FromBool.arg.1=ULONG *,pulOut
func.VarUI4FromBool.ret=HRESULT

VarUI4FromCy=func
func.VarUI4FromCy.args=2
func.VarUI4FromCy.arg.0=CY,cyIn
func.VarUI4FromCy.arg.1=ULONG *,pulOut
func.VarUI4FromCy.ret=HRESULT

VarUI4FromDate=func
func.VarUI4FromDate.args=2
func.VarUI4FromDate.arg.0=DATE,dateIn
func.VarUI4FromDate.arg.1=ULONG *,pulOut
func.VarUI4FromDate.ret=HRESULT

VarUI4FromDec=func
func.VarUI4FromDec.args=2
func.VarUI4FromDec.arg.0=const DECIMAL *,pdecIn
func.VarUI4FromDec.arg.1=ULONG *,pulOut
func.VarUI4FromDec.ret=HRESULT

VarUI4FromDisp=func
func.VarUI4FromDisp.args=3
func.VarUI4FromDisp.arg.0=IDispatch *,pdispIn
func.VarUI4FromDisp.arg.1=LCID,lcid
func.VarUI4FromDisp.arg.2=ULONG *,pulOut
func.VarUI4FromDisp.ret=HRESULT

VarUI4FromI1=func
func.VarUI4FromI1.args=2
func.VarUI4FromI1.arg.0=CHAR,cIn
func.VarUI4FromI1.arg.1=ULONG *,pulOut
func.VarUI4FromI1.ret=HRESULT

VarUI4FromI2=func
func.VarUI4FromI2.args=2
func.VarUI4FromI2.arg.0=SHORT,uiIn
func.VarUI4FromI2.arg.1=ULONG *,pulOut
func.VarUI4FromI2.ret=HRESULT

VarUI4FromI4=func
func.VarUI4FromI4.args=2
func.VarUI4FromI4.arg.0=LONG,lIn
func.VarUI4FromI4.arg.1=ULONG *,pulOut
func.VarUI4FromI4.ret=HRESULT

VarUI4FromI8=func
func.VarUI4FromI8.args=2
func.VarUI4FromI8.arg.0=LONG64,i64In
func.VarUI4FromI8.arg.1=ULONG *,plOut
func.VarUI4FromI8.ret=HRESULT

VarUI4FromR4=func
func.VarUI4FromR4.args=2
func.VarUI4FromR4.arg.0=FLOAT,fltIn
func.VarUI4FromR4.arg.1=ULONG *,pulOut
func.VarUI4FromR4.ret=HRESULT

VarUI4FromR8=func
func.VarUI4FromR8.args=2
func.VarUI4FromR8.arg.0=DOUBLE,dblIn
func.VarUI4FromR8.arg.1=ULONG *,pulOut
func.VarUI4FromR8.ret=HRESULT

VarUI4FromStr=func
func.VarUI4FromStr.args=4
func.VarUI4FromStr.arg.0=LPCOLESTR,strIn
func.VarUI4FromStr.arg.1=LCID,lcid
func.VarUI4FromStr.arg.2=ULONG,dwFlags
func.VarUI4FromStr.arg.3=ULONG *,pulOut
func.VarUI4FromStr.ret=HRESULT

VarUI4FromUI1=func
func.VarUI4FromUI1.args=2
func.VarUI4FromUI1.arg.0=BYTE,bIn
func.VarUI4FromUI1.arg.1=ULONG *,pulOut
func.VarUI4FromUI1.ret=HRESULT

VarUI4FromUI2=func
func.VarUI4FromUI2.args=2
func.VarUI4FromUI2.arg.0=USHORT,uiIn
func.VarUI4FromUI2.arg.1=ULONG *,pulOut
func.VarUI4FromUI2.ret=HRESULT

VarUI4FromUI8=func
func.VarUI4FromUI8.args=2
func.VarUI4FromUI8.arg.0=ULONG64,ui64In
func.VarUI4FromUI8.arg.1=ULONG *,plOut
func.VarUI4FromUI8.ret=HRESULT

VarUI8FromBool=func
func.VarUI8FromBool.args=2
func.VarUI8FromBool.arg.0=VARIANT_BOOL,boolIn
func.VarUI8FromBool.arg.1=ULONG64 *,pi64Out
func.VarUI8FromBool.ret=HRESULT

VarUI8FromCy=func
func.VarUI8FromCy.args=2
func.VarUI8FromCy.arg.0=CY,cyIn
func.VarUI8FromCy.arg.1=ULONG64 *,pi64Out
func.VarUI8FromCy.ret=HRESULT

VarUI8FromDate=func
func.VarUI8FromDate.args=2
func.VarUI8FromDate.arg.0=DATE,dateIn
func.VarUI8FromDate.arg.1=ULONG64 *,pi64Out
func.VarUI8FromDate.ret=HRESULT

VarUI8FromDec=func
func.VarUI8FromDec.args=2
func.VarUI8FromDec.arg.0=const DECIMAL *,pdecIn
func.VarUI8FromDec.arg.1=ULONG64 *,pi64Out
func.VarUI8FromDec.ret=HRESULT

VarUI8FromDisp=func
func.VarUI8FromDisp.args=3
func.VarUI8FromDisp.arg.0=IDispatch *,pdispIn
func.VarUI8FromDisp.arg.1=LCID,lcid
func.VarUI8FromDisp.arg.2=ULONG64 *,pi64Out
func.VarUI8FromDisp.ret=HRESULT

VarUI8FromI1=func
func.VarUI8FromI1.args=2
func.VarUI8FromI1.arg.0=CHAR,cIn
func.VarUI8FromI1.arg.1=ULONG64 *,pi64Out
func.VarUI8FromI1.ret=HRESULT

VarUI8FromI2=func
func.VarUI8FromI2.args=2
func.VarUI8FromI2.arg.0=SHORT,sIn
func.VarUI8FromI2.arg.1=ULONG64 *,pi64Out
func.VarUI8FromI2.ret=HRESULT

VarUI8FromI4=func
func.VarUI8FromI4.args=2
func.VarUI8FromI4.arg.0=LONG,lIn
func.VarUI8FromI4.arg.1=ULONG64 *,pi64Out
func.VarUI8FromI4.ret=HRESULT

VarUI8FromI8=func
func.VarUI8FromI8.args=2
func.VarUI8FromI8.arg.0=LONG64,ui64In
func.VarUI8FromI8.arg.1=ULONG64 *,pi64Out
func.VarUI8FromI8.ret=HRESULT

VarUI8FromR4=func
func.VarUI8FromR4.args=2
func.VarUI8FromR4.arg.0=FLOAT,fltIn
func.VarUI8FromR4.arg.1=ULONG64 *,pi64Out
func.VarUI8FromR4.ret=HRESULT

VarUI8FromR8=func
func.VarUI8FromR8.args=2
func.VarUI8FromR8.arg.0=DOUBLE,dblIn
func.VarUI8FromR8.arg.1=ULONG64 *,pi64Out
func.VarUI8FromR8.ret=HRESULT

VarUI8FromStr=func
func.VarUI8FromStr.args=4
func.VarUI8FromStr.arg.0=LPCOLESTR,strIn
func.VarUI8FromStr.arg.1=LCID,lcid
func.VarUI8FromStr.arg.2=ULONG,dwFlags
func.VarUI8FromStr.arg.3=ULONG64 *,pi64Out
func.VarUI8FromStr.ret=HRESULT

VarUI8FromUI1=func
func.VarUI8FromUI1.args=2
func.VarUI8FromUI1.arg.0=BYTE,bIn
func.VarUI8FromUI1.arg.1=ULONG64 *,pi64Out
func.VarUI8FromUI1.ret=HRESULT

VarUI8FromUI2=func
func.VarUI8FromUI2.args=2
func.VarUI8FromUI2.arg.0=USHORT,uiIn
func.VarUI8FromUI2.arg.1=ULONG64 *,pi64Out
func.VarUI8FromUI2.ret=HRESULT

VarUI8FromUI4=func
func.VarUI8FromUI4.args=2
func.VarUI8FromUI4.arg.0=ULONG,ulIn
func.VarUI8FromUI4.arg.1=ULONG64 *,pi64Out
func.VarUI8FromUI4.ret=HRESULT

VarUdateFromDate=func
func.VarUdateFromDate.args=3
func.VarUdateFromDate.arg.0=DATE,dateIn
func.VarUdateFromDate.arg.1=ULONG,dwFlags
func.VarUdateFromDate.arg.2=UDATE *,pudateOut
func.VarUdateFromDate.ret=HRESULT

VarWeekdayName=func
func.VarWeekdayName.args=5
func.VarWeekdayName.arg.0=int,iWeekday
func.VarWeekdayName.arg.1=int,fAbbrev
func.VarWeekdayName.arg.2=int,iFirstDay
func.VarWeekdayName.arg.3=ULONG,dwFlags
func.VarWeekdayName.arg.4=BSTR *,pbstrOut
func.VarWeekdayName.ret=HRESULT

VarXor=func
func.VarXor.args=3
func.VarXor.arg.0=LPVARIANT,pvarLeft
func.VarXor.arg.1=LPVARIANT,pvarRight
func.VarXor.arg.2=LPVARIANT,pvarResult
func.VarXor.ret=HRESULT

VariantChangeType=func
func.VariantChangeType.args=4
func.VariantChangeType.arg.0=VARIANTARG *,pvargDest
func.VariantChangeType.arg.1=const VARIANTARG *,pvarSrc
func.VariantChangeType.arg.2=USHORT,wFlags
func.VariantChangeType.arg.3=VARTYPE,vt
func.VariantChangeType.ret=HRESULT

VariantChangeTypeEx=func
func.VariantChangeTypeEx.args=5
func.VariantChangeTypeEx.arg.0=VARIANTARG *,pvargDest
func.VariantChangeTypeEx.arg.1=const VARIANTARG *,pvarSrc
func.VariantChangeTypeEx.arg.2=LCID,lcid
func.VariantChangeTypeEx.arg.3=USHORT,wFlags
func.VariantChangeTypeEx.arg.4=VARTYPE,vt
func.VariantChangeTypeEx.ret=HRESULT

VariantClear=func
func.VariantClear.args=1
func.VariantClear.arg.0=VARIANTARG *,pvarg
func.VariantClear.ret=HRESULT

VariantCopy=func
func.VariantCopy.args=2
func.VariantCopy.arg.0=VARIANTARG *,pvargDest
func.VariantCopy.arg.1=const VARIANTARG *,pvargSrc
func.VariantCopy.ret=HRESULT

VariantCopyInd=func
func.VariantCopyInd.args=2
func.VariantCopyInd.arg.0=VARIANT *,pvarDest
func.VariantCopyInd.arg.1=const VARIANTARG *,pvargSrc
func.VariantCopyInd.ret=HRESULT

VariantInit=func
func.VariantInit.args=1
func.VariantInit.arg.0=VARIANTARG *,pvarg
func.VariantInit.ret=void

VariantTimeToDosDateTime=func
func.VariantTimeToDosDateTime.args=3
func.VariantTimeToDosDateTime.arg.0=DOUBLE,vtime
func.VariantTimeToDosDateTime.arg.1=USHORT *,pwDosDate
func.VariantTimeToDosDateTime.arg.2=USHORT *,pwDosTime
func.VariantTimeToDosDateTime.ret=INT

VariantTimeToSystemTime=func
func.VariantTimeToSystemTime.args=2
func.VariantTimeToSystemTime.arg.0=DOUBLE,vtime
func.VariantTimeToSystemTime.arg.1=LPSYSTEMTIME,lpSystemTime
func.VariantTimeToSystemTime.ret=INT

VectorFromBstr=func
func.VectorFromBstr.args=2
func.VectorFromBstr.arg.0=BSTR,bstr
func.VectorFromBstr.arg.1=SAFEARRAY **,ppsa
func.VectorFromBstr.ret=HRESULT
